

From owner-dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk  Wed Mar 18 15:09:07 1998
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) id PAA06650
	for dspstaff-list; Wed, 18 Mar 1998 15:08:54 +0100 (MET)
X-Authentication-Warning: eivind.imm.dtu.dk: majordom set sender to owner-dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk using -f
Received: from jlarsen.imm.dtu.dk (jlarsen.imm.dtu.dk [192.38.71.52])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) with SMTP id PAA06646
	for <dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 18 Mar 1998 15:08:50 +0100 (MET)
Received: by jlarsen.imm.dtu.dk with Microsoft Mail
	id <01BD5251.75FEBFA0@jlarsen.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 18 Mar 1998 09:37:26 +-100
Message-ID: <01BD5251.75FEBFA0@jlarsen.imm.dtu.dk>
From: Jan Larsen <jl@imm.dtu.dk>
To: "'dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk'" <dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>
Subject: [DSPSTAFF] FW: SCI'98/ISAS'98
Date: Wed, 18 Mar 1998 09:37:24 +-100
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by eivind.imm.dtu.dk id PAA06647
Sender: owner-dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: dspstaff@eivind.imm.dtu.dk
Status: RO
X-Status: 



----------
From: 	Nagib Callaos[SMTP:nacallao@telcel.net.ve]
Sent: 	18. marts 1998 13.39
To: 	jl@imm.dtu.dk
Subject: 	SCI'98/ISAS'98

Dear Dr. Jan Larsen:

I would like you to consider the possibility of  participating in  the 4th
International Conference of Information Systems Analysis and Synthesis
(ISAS-98), to be  held  in Orlando July 12-16, 1998, in the context of the
World Multiconference  in Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI-98). I
am sending you the respective Call for Papers.

We are trying to impulse the area of Neural Networks. Are you interested in
submitting a paper in  this area?  Would  you like to have an active role in
the organizational process?  If you find infeasible to meet the deadlines,
could you inform us about a timeable suitable for you  in  order to check
its feasibility for us?

Could you  please forward this Call for Papers to those of your colleagues
who might be interested in participating by submitting a paper, or by giving
some kind of organizational support?

Thank you,

Nagib Callaos


CALL FOR PAPERS

ISAS '98

4TH  INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON
INFORMATION SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND SYNTHESIS

IN THE CONTEXT OF THE WORLD MULTICONFERENCE ON 
SYSTEMICS, CYBERNETICS AND INFORMATICS: SCI'98

Orlando-Florida
July 12-16
http://www.iiis.org

Buena Vista
PALACE
Resort & Spa
at Walt Disney World Village



Honorary Presidents:  Bela H. Banathy,  Staford Beer and George Klir
Program Chair:  William Lesso
Conference Chair:  Nagib Callaos


ACADEMIC AND SCIENTIFIC SPONSORS

· World Organization of Systemics and Cybernetics (WOSC) (France)
· IFSR: International Federation for Systems Research (Austria/USA)	
· International Systems Institute (USA)
· ISSS: International Society for the Systems Sciences (USA)
· ISI: The International Systems Institute (USA)
· CUST, Engineer Science Institute of the Blaise Pascal University (France)
· The International Institute for Advanced Studies in Systems Research and
Cybernetics (Canada)
· Society Applied Systems Research (Canada)
· Cybernetics and Human Knowing: A Journal of Second Order Cybernetics and
Cybersemiotics (Denmark)
· International Institute of Informatics and Systemics (USA)
· Simon Bolivar University (Venezuela)
· Polish System Society (Poland)
· Italian Society of Systemics
· Systems Society of Poland
· Andean Society of Systemics
· The Electronic and Computer Music Studios of The University of
Massachusetts (USA)
· Institute of Neurosurgery (Ukrania)
· Slovenian Artificial Intelligence Society 
· Institute of Automation of the University of Maribor (Slovenia)
· The Centre for Systems Studies (UK)
· IEEE/Latinoamerica
· Brain Science Research Center at Korea Advanced Institute of  Science and
Technology (KAIST)



ORGANIZED BY THE IIIS

The International Institute of Informatics and Systemics.




INCLUSION OF ISAS '98 PROCEEDINGS IN A CD-ROM EXTENDED ENCYCLOPEDIA

An electronic version of the ISAS '98 proceedings will also be available on
CD-ROM, with search and hypertext features. Other media, such as sound,
animation and video, are also being considered.

These proceedings will also be included in the CD-ROM Extended Encyclopedia
of Systemics and Cybernetics ?, whose development in presently in progress.


PARTICIPATIVE DESIGN FOR EARLY AUTHORS

Authors of early submitted and accepted papers will have the opportunity to
make suggestions about new requirements that are not being fulfilled by ISAS
98 software, which was a first prototype. In this way they could engaged in
the evolutive participative design that is being followed for both the
Electronic Proceedings and  the CD-ROM   Extended Encyclopedia.


PARTICIPANTS

Participation of both researchers and practitioners is strongly encouraged.
Papers may be submitted on: research in science and engineering, case
studies drawn on professional practice and consulting, and position papers
based on large and rich experience gained through executive/managerial
practices and decision-making. For this reason, the Program Committee is
conformed according to the criteria given above.


TYPES OF SUBMISSIONS ACCEPTED   

· Research, Review or Position Papers
· Panel Presentation, Workshop and/or Round Table Proposals
· New Topics Proposal (which should include a minimum of 5 papers)
· Focus Symposia (which should include a  minimum of 15 papers)
· Tutorial Proposal (which should include an outline of it and a brief
biography, and clearly indicate whether the tutorial is half-day or full-day
duration and whether it is technically or managerially oriented).
 

SPECIAL TREATMENT FOR EARLY SUBMISSIONS

Submissions will be reviewed by three Program Committee Members as soon as
they are received. Consequently, early submissions that were not accepted by
at least two referees, will have the opportunity to re-submit their papers
according the suggestions done by their reviewers. The hope of the Organizing
Committee is to provide a supporting process for improving the quality of
papers that otherwise would have been rejected. Just early submissions could
have this kind of support.


SUBMISSIONS AND DEADLINES

Extended/abstracts or draft papers could be sent via E-mail and/or postal
mail (and/or fax) according  the following addresses:

Postal Addresses:

IIIS
6220 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Suite 173
Orlando, FL 32809,  USA 

or

Simon Bolivar University
Dpto.  Procesos y Sistemas 
AP 89000
Caracas, Venezuela

E-mail Addresses:

WMSCI98@aol.com  
Ncallaos@aol.com

Fax Numbers:

1-407-8566274 (Orlando, USA)
58-2-9638852 (Caracas, Venezuela)


March 23, 1998		Submission of extend abstract or paper draft (500-1500 words).
April 27,1998		Acceptance notifications.
May 25, 1998		Submission of papers camera/ready, hard copies and electronic
versions.



PUBLICATIONS

Participants who wish to present a paper are requested to submit three
copies of a condensed first draft by March 23, 1998. Submitted papers will
be referred. ISAS ´98 papers will  be published by means of paper and
electronic proceedings. Selected papers will be published  by the
International Institute of Informatics and Systemics, and included in the
CD-ROM Extended Encyclopedia of Systemics, Informatics and Cyberneticsä,
whose development is presently in progress. Notification of acceptance will
be sent to authors by April 27,1998. The full paper, which cannot exceed
eight single-spaced typed pages, should be sent by means of diskette and
photoready hard copies of artwork, not later than May 25, 1998. 


WEB SITE

http://www.iiis.org


PURPOSE

The purpose of the Conference is to bring together  university professors,
Corporate Leaders, Academic and Professional Leaders, consultants,
scientists and engineers, theoreticians and practitioners, all over the
world to discuss themes of the conference and to participate with original
ideas or innovations, knowledge or experience, theories or methodologies, in
the areas of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI). Systemics,
Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI) are being increasingly related to each
other and to almost every scientific discipline and human activity.
Their common transdisciplinarity characterizes and communicates them,
generating strong relations among them and with other disciplines. They
interpenetrate each other integrating a whole that is permeating human
thinking and practice. This phenomenon induced the Organization Committee to
structure SCI '98 as a multiconference where participants may focus on an
area, or on a discipline, while maintaining open the possibility of
attending conferences from other areas or disciplines. This systemic
approach stimulates cross-fertilization among different disciplines,
inspiring scholars, generating analogies and provoking innovations; which,
after all, is one of the very basic principles of the systems movement and a
fundamental aim in cybernetics.


BACKGROUND

The success achieved in ISAS '95 (Information Systems Analysis and
Synthesis) held in Baden-Baden (Germany), symbolized by the award granted by
the International Institute for Advanced Studios in Systems Research and
Cybernetics (Canada), as the best and largest symposium at the 5th
International Conference on Systems Research, Informatics and Cybernetics,
encouraged its sponsors and session chairs to organize ISAS '96 at Orlando
and prepare a more general Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and
Informatics (SCI '97) at Caracas (Venezuela). The widely acknowledged
success of ISAS '96 (held on July 22-26 at Orlando) by means of spontaneous
verbal feedback and a written comprehensive evaluation from 143 authors, of
high quality papers, from 32 countries, galvanized the Program and
Organizing Committees to make a definitive commitment to organize SCI '98
and ISAS '98 at Orlando, in July 12-16, 1998. Many Program and Organizing
Committee members from past international and world conferences are joining
us for SCI '98 and ISAS '98, including most of those who organized the World
Conference on Systems sponsored by UNESCO and the United Nations' World
Federation of Engineering Organizations (WFEO). We are still looking for
more organizational support from experienced scholars, consultants,
practitioners, professionals and researchers, as well as from international
or national organizations, public or private, academic or professional.


ORGANIZING COMMITTE

· Albanese, Andres (International Computer Science  Institute, USA)
· Canamero, Dolores (Free University of Brussels)
· Cohen, Eli (Baruch College, USA)
· Danchev, Alexi (Centre of Environmental Economics and Policy, Bulgaria)
· Dubois, Daniel (Universite De Liege, Belgium)
· Fernandez, Jorge (Ameritech Library Services,  Academic  Division, USA)
· Horiuchi, Yoshihide (University of Shizuoka, Japan)
· Lasker, George (University of Windsor, Canada)
· Lefevre, Thierry (The Asian Institute of  Technology, Thailand)
· Lesso, William (University of Texas at Austin, USA)
· Lubbe, Sam (Vista University, South Africa)
· Mernick, Marjan (University of Maribor, Slovenia)
· Naranjo, Michel (Universite Blaise Pascal, France)
· Xu, Li (USA)


PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Integrated by 210 prestigious scholars/researchers from 54 countries (details
at the web page http://www.iiis.org or by e-mail request).

Albanese, A. (USA) ~ Albarran, M. (USA) ~ Alouani, A. (USA) ~  Andonian, G.
(Canada) ~
Ang, M. (Singapore)  ~ Atkinson-Abutridy, J. A. (Chile) ~ Aydin, E.D. (Turkey).

Baharin, I. (Malaysia) ~ Bahill, T. (USA) ~ Banathy, B. (USA) ~ Baran, B.
(Paraguay) ~  (France) ~ Bellin, D. (USA) ~ Bownan, H. (Great Britain) ~
Brelaz de Castro, J. (Brazil) ~ Brezillon, P. (France) Bulz, N. (Romania)

Callaos, N. (Venezuela) ~ Carvalho, J. (Portugal) ~ Cernuzzi, L. (Paraguay)
~ Chaudhry, F. (Bahrain) Chen, C. (USA) ~ Chen, N. (Canada) ~ Csirik, J.
(Hungary)

Degani, A. (USA) ~ DeMichiell, R. (USA) ~ Denis, B. (France) ~ Dubois, D.
(Belgium) ~ Dumdum, U. R. (USA)

Elsimary, H. (Egypt) ~  Erosa M., V. (Mexico) 

Farre, G. (USA) ~ Fernandez, J. (USA) ~ Fernandez B., M. C. (Spain) 

Galal, A. (Egypt) ~ Ghorab, K. (U. Arab E.) ~ Glanville, R. (England) ~
Guan, L. (Australia) ~ Gundy, S. (Hungary) ~ Guvenir, H. (Turkey) .

Hamalainen, R. (Finland) ~ Herrscher, E. (Argentina) ~ Horiuchi, Y. (Japan)
~ Hwang, Y. (China)

Kanchanasut, K. (Thailand) ~ Khoong, C. M. (Singapore) ~ Kohout, L. J. (USA)
~ Koizumi, T. (Japan) ~  Krasner, H. (USA) ~ Kribbe, W. (Holland) ~  Kuc,
T.Y. (Korea) 

Lara, F. (Mexico) ~ Lara, N. (Mexico) ~ Lasker, G. (Canada) ~Laufer, K.
(USA) ~ Lee, I. (Korea)
Lefevre, T. (Thailand) ~ Lesage, J. J. (France) ~ Lesso, W. (USA) ~Leung, H.
F. (Hong Kong) ~ Levy, N. (France) ~ Liu, H. (Singapore) ~ Liu, J. (Hong
Kong) ~  Losavio, F. (Venezuela) ~ Low, B. T. (Hong Kong).

Maciaszek, L. (Australia) ~ Malatesta, M. (Italy) ~ Mbaeyi, P.
(Nigeria/Germany) ~ Mejia, M. (Mexico) ~ Mikolajczak, B. (USA) ~ Minai, A.
(USA) ~ Minati, G. (Italy) ~  Montilva, J. (Venezuela) Mori, H. (Japan) ~
Murgu, A. (Finland) ~

Naranjo, M. (France)

Oksala, T. (Finland)

Patel, A. (Ireland) ~ Perez-Llera, C. (Spain)  ~ Ponomarev, D. (Russia) ~
Prabhakaran, B. (USA) 

Rajan, E. G. (India) ~ Randrup, A. (Denmark) ~ Roberts, S. (United Kingdom)
~  Rubin, S. (USA) ~ Rudas, I. (Hungary) 

Saksonov, E. (Russia) ~ Santo, H. (Portugal) ~ Sarshar, M. (England) ~
Simunek, V. (USA) ~ Sinha, M. K. (India) ~ Smith, H.R. (USA) ~ Starkermann,
R. (Switzerland) ~  Stempkovsky, A. (Russia) ~ Sukkar, M. F. (Syria) ~ 

Tahboub, K. (Palestine) ~ Takahashi, S. (Colombia) ~ Tastle, W. (USA) ~
Tezak, O. (Slovenia) ~ Titli, A. (France) ~ Torres, M. (Venezuela)

Vallee, R. (France) ~ Vargas, T. (Colombia) ~ Vidart, J. (Uruguay)

Welzer, T. (Slovenia) ~ Westphal, H. (Germany) ~ Wildberger, M. (USA) ~
Wong, K. (Hong Kong) 
Wrycza, S. (Poland) 

Xexeo, G. (Brazil) ~ Xu, L. (USA)

Zaliwski, A. (Poland) ~ Zand, M. (USA) ~ Zeeuw, G. de (Holand) ~ Zoltan, C.
(Venezuela)

EARLY PARTICIPATION

Proactive participation is strongly encouraged. Those interested in
participating in the Program Committee, the Organizing Committee, the
Organizing of a Focus Symposium, or in organizing/chairing sessions on new,
or existing topics, please contact:

Prof. Nagib Callaos (Chair)
	
IIIS
6220 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Suite 173
Orlando, FL 32809,  USA 
Fax:     +1 (407) 856-6274
E-mail: WMSCI98@aol.com


Simon Bolivar University
Dpto. Procesos y Sistemas
A.P. 89000, Caracas, Venezuela
Tel/Fax (office): +58 (2) 9621519
Tel/Fax (office): +58 (2) 222832
Fax (home): +58 (2) 9638852
e-mail: ncallaos@usb.ve

Conference secretariat: nacallao@telcel.net.ve




INVITED SESSIONS

To organize an invited session for  ISAS '98, the following steps are suggested:

1) Identify a special topic is in the scope of  ISAS '98.  You may contact
the chair or other program committee members on the suitability of the
topic, if it is not included in the Conference Program.
2) Contact researchers or practitioners in your field to see if they can
contribute a paper to your proposed session and attend ISAS '98
3) Collect the abstracs (2-3 pages) from each perspective invitee.
4) Write a summary (1-2 page) on the session's significance and coherence of
the invited/selected papers.
5) Mail the invited session proposal including a summary and copy of all
abstracts before March 16, 1998, to Nagib Callaos.


CONFERENCE FEES

The conference fees will be $300 before April 20, 1998 and $350 after April
20, 1998.

JOURNALS PUBLICATIONS FOR BEST PAPERS

Best papers will be published by:

· "Cybernetics and Human Knowing: A Journal of Second Order Cybernetics and
Cybersemiotics". Members of the Program Committee who are referees of the
Journal will take the decision on the issue.
· "Journal of Law and Information Systems"
· "Systems Journal"
· "Educational Technology"
· "Technological Forecasting & Social Change"

Other Journals are being considered for other areas of  ISAS '98.

More details could be found at the Conference web page (http://www.iiis.org)
or a detailed Call for Papers could be requested by e-mail
(nacallao@pop.telcel.net.ve). Answers to specific questions could be requested
also by e-mail.

ISAS '97 PROCEEDINGS

ISAS '97 proceedings are available in 3 volumes of hard copy and/or CD-ROM
version with search and hypertext features. For more information contact:

Ms. Jenia Bezada
nacallao@.telcel.net.ve


TOPICS

Not exclusionary suggested topics for each one of the Constitutive
Conferences are the following:


INFORMATION SYSTEMS (ISAS '98)

Technical Areas
· Systemic/Systematic Methodologies  and Meta-methodologies for  ISAS
· Systemic-Computational Linguistic
· Software for Systemic-Functional Linguistic
· CASE technology
· Image Processing
· User Interface Design
· Usability
· Testing and Quality Assurance
· Evolutionary ISAS and Prototyping
· Requirements Engineering. Specification Gathering
· Artificial Intelligence/Expert Systems
· Object Orientation in ISAS
· Software Engineering
· Special Methodologies for specific kind of applications (DSS, EIS,
Distributed Systems, Artificial Intelligence, etc.)
· Hypermedia
· GIS: Geographical Information Systems
· Databases
· Data Mining and Warehouses
· Computer Supported Co-operative work
· Case studies and empirical findings
· Robotics
· Intelligent Control Systems
· Evolutionary Programs
· Genetic Programming
· Logic Programming
· Neural Networks
· Cooperative Multiagents Systems
· Collective Algorithms and new Heuristics for Problem Solving
· Collective Intelligence
· Computer/Internet Security
· Visual Information Systems
· Internet Architecture
· Internet Programming	
· Internet Security, real-time issues and fault tolerance
· Enabling Technology for Internet Applications
· Parallel Architectures for leveraging Internet
· Abstract Data Structures for Distributed Computing and Semantic Interchange


Managerial Area

     ISAS Management

· Software Development Projects management
· Evaluation of IS, ISAS Projects and ISAS Methodologies
· ISAS Productivity: effectiveness and/or  efficiency
· ISAS total (or systemic) quality
· Information Strategic Planning
· Reverse Engineering
· Education and Training in ISAS, and for end-user computing
· Software Development Prioritization and Planning
· Management of Programming


     Managerial Informatics

· The Digital MBA (MBA-ware)
· Software Tools for Managing People and  Projects
· Computer Aided Thinking for Business
· Supporting Strategic and Financial  Planning
· Supporting Market-Driven Change
· Business Process Modelling:  Re-engineering, Dynamic Process Modelling,
Workflow   Automation,  etc.
· Sales and Financial Forecasting
· Business Decision Support
· Individual and/or Group Decision Support Systems
· Informational Support for Human Resources Development
· Business Globalization and Information  Systems
· Information Technologies applied to New Organizational Methods  (Flexible
Organization, Virtual Corporation, Lean Production,  JIT, EDI,
Deverticalization of Organizational Structures,  etc.)
· Multimedia and Global Information Sharing
· Internet (electronic) Trading
· Ethics and other issues with Internet Trading


Human Information Systems

· Neurolinguistics and its application to  requirements  Engineering, Joint
Requirement Planning (JRP), Joint Application Design  (JAD)
· Communication and Cognition
· Information and Meaning
· Systemic Linguistic (Natural Language)
· Cognitive Systems Engineering
· End-User Training for End-User Computing
· Educational and Training Design
· Education Systems
· Human Resources Management Support Systems
· Training Support Expert Systems
· Training and Development Systems
· Virtual Universities
· Managerial Development
· Group Decision Support Systems Applied: Participative and/or Anticipative
Democracy
· Praxiology:
 -Computer-Based Action and Knowledge Bases for Action-Research
 -Virtual Communities and Societies
 -Socio-economics systems: supporting participation 
 -Supporting Collective Action
·  Information/evaluation Systems in Higher Education
 




CALL FOR PAPERS

WORLD MULTICONFERENCE ON 
SYSTEMICS, CYBERNETICS AND INFORMATICS: SCI'98

Orlando, Florida
July, 12-16, 1998
http://www.iiis.org


Honorary Presidents:  Bela H. Banathy,  Staford Beer and George Klir
Program Chair:  William Lesso
Conference Chair:  Nagib Callaos


MAJOR THEMES

* Conceptual Infrastructure of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics
* Information Systems (ISAS'98)
* Control Systems
* Managerial/Corporative Systems
* Human Resources Systems
* Natural Resources Systems
* Social Systems
* Educational Systems
* Financial Systems
* SCI in Psychology, Cognition and Spirituality
* SCI in Biology and Medicine
* SCI in Art
* Globalization, Development and Emerging Economies

(Topics for each theme could be found at the Conference web page
http://www.iiis.org or by e-mail request)


ACADEMIC AND SCIENTIFIC SPONSORS

* WOSC: World Organization on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (France)
* IFSR: International Federation of Systems Research (Austria/USA)
* ISSS: International Society for the Systems Sciences (USA)
* ISI: The International Systems Institute (USA)
* CUST, Engineer Science Institute of the Blaise Pascal University (France)
* The International Institute for Advanced Studies in Systems Research and
Cybernetics (Canada)
* Society Applied Systems Research (Canada)
* Cybernetics and Human Knowing: A Journal of Second Order Cybernetics and
Cybersemiotics (Denmark)
* International Institute of Informatics and Systemics (USA)
* Simon Bolivar University (Venezuela)
* Polish System Society (Poland)
* Italian Society of Systemics
* Systems Society of Poland
* Andean Society of Systemics
* The Electronic and Computer Music Studios of The University of
Massachusetts (USA)
* Institute of Neurosurgery (Ukraine)
* Slovenian Artificial Intelligence Society
* Institute of Automation of the University of Maribor (Slovenia)
* The Centre for Systems Studies (UK)
* IEEE/Latinoamerica


ORGANIZED BY THE IIIS

The International Institute of Informatics and Systemics.


PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Integrated by 210 prestigious scholars/researchers from 54 countries
(details at the web page http://www.iiis.org or by e-mail request).


TYPES OF SUBMISSION ACCEPTED

* Research, Review or Position Papers
* Panel Presentation, Workshop and/or Round Table Proposals
* New Topics Proposal (which should include a minimum of 5 papers)
* Focus Symposia (which should include a  minimum of 15 papers)
* Tutorial Proposal (which should include an outline of it and a brief
biography, and clearly indicate whether the tutorial is half-day or full-day
duration and whether it is technically or managerially oriented).


SPECIAL TREATMENT FOR EARLY SUBMISSIONS

Submissions will be reviewed by three Program Committee Members as soon as
they are received. Consequently,  early  submissions  that  were  not
accepted  by  at  least  two  referees,  will   have  the opportunity  to
re-submit their papers according the suggestions done by their reviewers.
The hope  of the  Organizing Committee is  to  provide a supporting process
for improving the quality of papers that otherwise would have been rejected.
Just early submissions could have this kind of support.


DEADLINES

Extended/abstracts or draft papers could be sent via E-mail and/or postal
mail (and/or fax) according  the following addresses:

Postal Addresses:

	IIIS
	6220 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Suite 173
	Orlando, FL 32809,  USA 

	or

	Simon Bolivar University
	Dpto.  Procesos y Sistemas 
	AP 89000
	Caracas, Venezuela

E-mail Addresses:

	WMSCI98@aol.com
	Ncallaos@aol.com

Fax Numbers:

	1-407-8566274 (Orlando, USA)
	58-2-9638852 (Caracas, Venezuela)



March 23, 1998		Submission of extend abstract or paper draft (500-1500 words).
April 27,1998		Acceptance notifications.
May 25, 1998		Submission of papers camera/ready, hard copies and electronic
versions.


PUBLICATIONS

Participants who wish to present a paper are requested to submit three
copies of the paper draft by March 23, 1998. Submitted papers will be referred.
SCI'98 papers will  be published by means of paper and electronic
proceedings. Selected papers will be published  by the International
Institute of Informatics and Systemics, and included in the CD-ROM Extended
Encyclopedia of Systemics, Informatics and Cybernetics (TM), whose
development is presently in progress. Notification of acceptance will be
sent to authors by April 27,1998. The full paper, which cannot exceed eight
single-spaced typed pages, should be sent by means of diskette and
photoready hard copies of artwork, not later than May 25, 1998.


EARLY PARTICIPATIONS

Proactive  participation  is strongly  encouraged.      Those  interested
in  participating  in  the Program Committee,  the  Organizing  Committee,
the  Organizing  of  a  Focus  Symposium,  or in organizing/
chairing sessions on new, or existing topics, please contact:

Prof. Nagib Callaos (Chair)

IIIS
6220 S. Orange Blossom Trail, Suite 173
Orlando, FL 32809,  USA 
Fax:     +1 (407) 856-6274
e-mail: WMSCI98@aol.com


Simon Bolivar University
Dpto. Procesos y Sistemas
A.P. 89000, Caracas, Venezuela
Tel/Fax (office): +58 (2) 9621519
Tel/Fax (office): +58 (2) 222832
Fax (home): +58 (2) 9638852
e-mail: ncallaos@usb.ve

Conference secretariat: nacallao@telcel.net.ve


INVITED SESSIONS

To organize an invited session for SCI'98, the following steps are suggested:

1) Identify a special topic is in the scope of SCI'98. You may contact the
chair or other program committee members on the suitability of the topic, if
it is not included in the Conference Program.
2) Contact researchers or practitioners in your field to see if they can
contribute a paper to your proposed session and attend SCI'98.
3) Collect the abstracts (2-3 pages) from each perspective invitee.
4) Write a summary (1-2 page) on the session's significance and coherence of
the invited/selected papers.
5) Mail the invited session proposal including a summary and copy of all
abstracts before March 16, 1998, to Nagib Callaos.


CONFERENCE FEES

The conference fees will be $300 before April 20, 1998 and $350 after April
20, 1998.


JOURNALS PUBLICATIONS FOR BEST PAPERS

* "Cybernetics and Human Knowing: A Journal of Second Order Cybernetics and
Cybersemiotics". Members of the Program Committee who are referees of the
Journal will take the decision on the issue.
* "Journal of Law and Information Systems"
* "Systems Journal"
* "Educational Technology"
* "Technology Forecasting & Social Change"

Other Journals are being considered for other areas of SCI'98.


More details could be found at the Conference web page (http://www.iiis.org)
or a detailed Call for Papers could be requested by e-mail (nacallao@
telcel.net.ve). Answers to specific questions could be requested also by e-mail.
Nagib Callaos, Ph.D.
Professor Simon Bolivar University
President IEEE/Computing Society (Venezuelan Section)
President IIIS Affiliated to the International Federation for Systems
Research (IFSR)
Venezuela: Tel/Fax: +(582)9638852 (home), +(582)9621519 (office)
Orlando: Fx: +1(407)8566274, +1(407)8564265 (Home), +1(407)8882225 / 8882263
(office)


