

From ml-connectionists-request@mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu Thu Dec  9 20:57:56 MET 1999
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu (MLIST-1.SP.CS.CMU.EDU [128.2.185.162])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.3 (PHNE_18979)/8.8.6) with SMTP id UAA28641;
	Thu, 9 Dec 1999 20:57:52 +0100 (MET)
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id ab01425;
          9 Dec 99 12:33 EST
Received: from SKINNER.BOLTZ.CS.CMU.EDU by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa01413;
          9 Dec 99 12:15 EST
Received: from skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu by skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu id aa29799;
          9 Dec 99 12:14 EST
Received: from RI.CMU.EDU by ux3.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa03078; 8 Dec 99 23:40 EST
Received: from tesla-e0.salk.edu by ri.cmu.edu id aa02819; 8 Dec 99 23:39 EST
Received: from hebb.salk.edu (hebb.salk.edu [198.202.70.14]) by tesla-e0.salk.edu (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id UAA05331; Wed, 8 Dec 1999 20:39:38 -0800 (PST)
From: terry@salk.edu
Received: (from terry@localhost) by hebb.salk.edu (8.7.5/8.7.3) id UAA01824; Wed, 8 Dec 1999 20:39:36 -0800 (PST)
Date: Wed, 8 Dec 1999 20:39:36 -0800 (PST)
Message-Id: <199912090439.UAA01824@hebb.salk.edu>
To: Connectionists@cs.cmu.edu, terry@salk.edu
Subject: COMPUTATIONAL NEUROBIOLOGY GRADUATE PROGRAM
Status: RO
X-Status: 

                    DEADLINE: JANUARY 7, 2000

            COMPUTATIONAL NEUROBIOLOGY GRADUATE PROGRAM
      Department of Biology -- University of California, San Diego 
               http://www.biology.ucsd.edu/compneuro/

The goal of the Computational Neurobiology Graduate Program at UCSD is 
to train a new generation of researchers who are equally at home measuring 
large-scale brain activity, analyzing the data with advanced computational 
techniques, and developing new models for brain development and function.

Candidates from a wide range of backgrounds are invited to apply, 
including Biology, Psychology, Computer Science, Physics and Mathematics.
The three major themes in the training program are:

1. Neurobiology of Neural Systems -- Anatomy, physiology and behavior of 
systems of neurons.  Using modern neuroanatomical, neuropharmacological 
and electrophysiological techniques.  Lectures, wet laboratories and computer
simulations, as well as research rotations. Major new imaging and recording 
techniques also will be taught, including two-photon laser scanning microscopy 
and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).

2. Algorithms and Realizations for the Analysis of Neuronal Data -- 
New algorithms and techniques for analyzing data obtained from physiological 
recording, with an emphasis on recordings from large populations of neurons 
with imaging and multielectrode recording techniques.  New methods for the 
study of co-ordinated activity, such as multi-taper spectral analysis and 
Independent Component Analysis (ICA).

3. Neuroinformatics, Dynamics and Control of Systems of Neurons -- 
Theoretical aspects of single cell function and emergent properties 
as many neurons interact among themselves and react to sensory inputs.  
A synthesis of approaches from mathematics and physical sciences 
as well as biology will be used to explore the collective properties 
and nonlinear dynamics of neuronal systems, as well as issues of sensory 
coding and motor control.

Requests for application materials should be sent to the Graduate
Admissions Office, Department of Biology 0348, 9500 Gilman Drive,
UCSD, La Jolla, CA, 92093-0348: [gradprog@biology.ucsd.edu].

The deadline for completed application materials, including letters of 
reference, is JANUARY 7, 2000.

More information about applying to the UCSD Biology Graduate Program:
http://www-biology.ucsd.edu/sa/Admissions.html

The Biology Department home page is located at:
http://www-biology.ucsd.edu/

Other inquiries about the Computational Neurobiology Graduate
Program should be directed to:

   Terrence Sejnowski
   Institute for Neural Computation 0523
   University of California, San Diego
   La Jolla, CA 92093
   tsejnowski@ucsd.edu

Participating Faculty include: 

* Henry Abarbanel (Physics): Nonlinear and oscillatory dynamics; 
modeling central pattern generators in the lobster stomatogastric ganglion.  
Director of the Institute for Nonlinear Systems at UCSD.
* Thomas Albright (Salk Institute): Motion processing in primate visual cortex; 
linking single neurons to perception; fMRI in awake, behaving monkeys.  
Director, Sloan Center for Theoretical Neurobiology.
* Darwin Berg (Biology): Regulation synaptic components, assembly and 
localization, function and long-term stability. Former Chairman of Biology.
* Garrison Cottrell (Computer Science and Engineering): Dynamical neural 
network models and learning algorithms.
* Mark Ellisman (Neurosciences, School of Medicine): High resolution electron 
and light microscopy; anatomical reconstructions. Director, National Center for  
Microscopy and Imaging Research.
* Robert Hecht-Nielsen (Electrical and Computer Engineering): Neural computation 
and the functional organization of the cerebral cortex. Founder of Hecht-Nielsen 
Corporation.
* Harvey Karten (Neurosciences, School of Medicine): Anatomical, physiological 
and computational studies of the retina and optic tectum of birds and squirrels. 
* David Kleinfeld (Physics):Active sensation in rat somatosensation; properties 
of neuronal assemblies; optical imaging of large-scale activity. Co-director, 
Analysis of Neural Data Workshop (MBL).
* William Kristan (Biology):  Neuroethology of leech; functional and developmental 
studies of the leech nervous system, including computational studies of the 
bending reflex and locomotion.  Director of the Neurosciences Graduate Program.
* Herbert Levine (Physics): Nonlinear dynamics and pattern formation in physical 
and biological systems, including cardiac dynamics and the growth and form of 
bacterial colonies.
* Javier Movellan (Cognitive Science): Sensory fusion and learning algorithms 
for continuous stochastic systems.
* Mu-ming Poo (Biology): Mechanisms for synaptic plasticity; developmental 
plasticity and learning in nervous systems; development of sensory maps in 
lower vertebrate visual systems. 
* Mikhael Rabinovich (Institute for Nonlinear Science): Dynamical systems 
analysis of the stomatogastric ganglion of the lobster and the antenna lobe 
of insects.
* Terrence Sejnowski (Salk Institute/Biology): Computational neurobiology; 
physiological studies of neuronal reliability and synaptic mechanisms. 
Director, Institute for Neural Computation.
* Martin Sereno (Cognitive Science): Neural bases of visual cognition and 
language using anatomical, electrophysiological, computational, and non-invasive 
brain imaging techniques.
* Nicholas Spitzer (Biology):  Regulation of ionic channels and neurotransmitters 
in neurons; effects of electrical activity in developing neurons on neural function.
Chair of the Neurobiology Section.
* Charles Stevens (Salk Institute): Synaptic physiology; physiological studies 
and biophysical models of synaptic plasticity in hippocampal neurons.
* Roger Tsien (Chemistry):  Second messenger systems in neurons; development of 
new optical and MRI probes of neuron function, including calcium indicators 
and caged neurotransmitters.
* Mark Whitehead (Neurosurgery, School of Medicine): Peripheral and central 
taste systems; anatomical and functional studies of regions in the caudal 
brainstem important for feeding behavior.
* Ruth Williams (Mathematics): Probabilistic analysis of stochastic systems 
and continuous learning algorithms.

