

From pascal@icsc.ab.ca  Wed Jun 10 05:27:34 1998
Received: from bernie.compusmart.ab.ca (root@bernie.compusmart.ab.ca [199.185.131.34])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) with ESMTP id FAA00299
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 10 Jun 1998 05:27:32 +0200 (METDST)
From: pascal@icsc.ab.ca
Received: from user920.kel1volnet5.net (remote445.compusmart.ab.ca [206.75.85.162]) by bernie.compusmart.ab.ca (8.8.5/8.8.5) with SMTP id VAA07315; Tue, 9 Jun 1998 21:16:06 -0600 (MDT)
Date: Tue, 9 Jun 1998 21:16:06 -0600 (MDT)
Message-Id: <199806100316.VAA07315@bernie.compusmart.ab.ca>
To: flynn@mimd.stanford.edu
Subject: Announcement / CFP
Reply-To: pascal@icsc.ab.ca
Status: RO
X-Status: 

Third International ICSC Symposia on
INTELLIGENT INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION (IIA'99)
http://www.icsc.ab.ca/iia99.htm
and
SOFT COMPUTING (SOCO'99)
http://www.icsc.ab.ca/soco99.htm

June 1-4, 1999 at the Palazzo Ducale in Genova, Italy


INTRODUCTION
The International Symposia on Intelligent Industrial Automation (IIA'99) and Soft Computing (SOCO'99) intend to encompass short-to-long-term effects of Advanced Information Technology, Soft Computing and other related 'Intelligent Technolgies' in application fields such as Industrial Automation, Control, Diagnostics, Computer Vision, Robotics, Speech Recognition and Machine Translation. The general aim of the Symposia is to address and underline the existing and emerging relationships between automation, manufacturing and Intelligent Technolgies, with particular emphasis on Soft Computing. 

Contributions are sought on intelligent automation and manufacturing with emphasis on current and potential applications, with a broad interest in all the engineering disciplines, computer science and related technology fields.

Following the success of IIA/SOCO'96 (Reading, England) and IIA/SOCO'97 (Nîmes, France), the third symposium will be held in Genova, Italy. The IIA/SOCO series have established themselves as a platform for scientists and practitioners from academic, governmental and industrial institutions to discuss new developments and results in the field of intelligent technologies. A further follow-up conference has already been scheduled for the year 2001 in Paisley, Scotland.


PURPOSE OF IIA'99 and SOCO'99
Advances in Soft Computing and related techniques: Theory and Applications.

AIT (Advanced Information Technology) is one of the major technological drivers in the advancement of modern society. Nowadays any major achievement, related to any field of research, is strongly supported by proper AIT based tools. Very often, such achievements have only been possible after a proper AIT approach has been designed and implemented. It is widely known that AIT has a very strong impact on society itself, radically changing the skills and competencies required in order to contribute to the everyday human environment. 

Given that nowadays the major effort in AIT development is spent in the so called 'Soft-Computing' arena and that some of the major and indeed, surprising, achievements in industrial applications come from the application of soft-computing techniques, the two symposia (IIA'99 and SOCO'99) will have many common areas of interest, namely:

- Neural Networks
- Fuzzy Logic
- Genetic Algorithms
- Chaos Theory
- AI and Expert Systems
- Machine Learning
- Pattern Recognition and Image Understanding

The programs of the two conferences will, however, reflect different themes: 

- IIA'99 will be directed toward the medium-to-short term, application 
  driven, research area  in Intelligent Technologies.

- SOCO'99 is directed toward the long term research in area of Soft Computing 

In order to try to overcome the usual borderline existing between theory and application, the two symposia are run jointly, organized in a way to have partial overlap with some joint sessions and some common plenary sessions.



AIM OF IIA'99/SOCO'99
1. To give both a wide and a deep view of advances in AIT advancement 
   offered by soft-computing technologies. 
2. To give both the industrial and academic researcher the opportunity 
   to discuss together real problems and opportunities. 
3. To collect 'best practice' and information on how to perform 
   experiments, tests and design products and processes embedding 
   and/or using soft-computing technologies. 
4. To explicitly and actively function as a 'technology broker', 
   giving the opportunity for people to become aware of new problems 
   and possible solutions and giving the possibility of finding 
   technological partners for joint research and/or future application 
   programs.


TOPICS OF IIA'99

IIA'99 will include contributions in the research area of Soft Computing Application and, more in general, related to medium-to-short term and application driven developments Advanced Information Technology and Industrial Intelligent Technology.

Particular emphasis will be laid on industrial realization, experimental application, application methodology development and/or formalization, quantitative and qualitative problem modeling.

Contributions are sought mainly in the areas based on the list below:

a) Industrial Area 
   - Industry
   - Energy
   - Transportation
   - Services
   - Consumer
   - etc.

b) High-Tech Area 
   - Innovative Control and Diagnostics
   - Computer Vision
   - Robotics and Remote Sensing
   - Speech Recognition and Machine Translation
   - etc.

c) Green-Tech Area 
   - Intelligent Resource Management
   - Intelligent Pollutant Management
   - User Behavior Modeling
   - Intelligent Traffic Control
   - etc.


TOPICS OF SOCO'99

SOCO'99 will include contributions on long term research (theory development, enhanced approaches, formal methods comparisons, applications, etc.) in the area of soft-computing. Contributions  are sought in areas based on the list below, which is indicative only. 

- Neural Networks
- Fuzzy Logic
- Rough Sets
- Genetic Algorithms and Evolutionary Computing
- Chaos Theory
- AI and Expert Systems
- Probabilistic Reasoning
- Machine Learning
- Learning Algorithms and Intelligent Control
- Pattern Recognition and Image Understanding
- Distributed Intelligence
- Self-Organizing Systems
- Fuzzy Databases and Information Retrieval
- Educational Aspects of Soft Computing


SPECIAL SESSION
A special session on 'Intelligent Systems in Control and Process Optimization' including a plenary lecture is sponsored by the IFS Network and organized by Alberto Servida, Italy. Contributions are welcome.


CONFERENCE LOCATION
The symposia will be held at the Palazzo Ducale, a beautiful historic building in the city centre of Genova, Italy


SPONSORS
IIA'99 and SOCO'99 are sponsored by:
- Ansaldo S.p.A.
- DISI - Department of Computer and Information Sciences at the University
  of Genoa, Italy
- Commune di Genova, Italy
- University of Genova, Italy
- Cybernetics and Biophysics National Group of the National Research Council
- IEEE Neural Network Council Italian Regional Interest Group
- International Neural Networks Society and INNS Special Interest Group Italy
- Thematic Network IFS (Intelligent Forecasting System for Refineries and 
  Power Systems)
- ICSC International Computer Science Conventions, Canada/Switzerland


IIA'99 SYMPOSIUM COMMITTEE
- Honorary Chair
  Yutaka Kuwahara, R & D Centre, Hitachi Europe Ltd.

- Symposium Chair
  Riccardo Parenti, Ansaldo Ricerche, Genova, Italy

- Symposium Vice Chair
  Colin Fyfe, University of Paisley, Scotland, U.K.

- Scientific Secretary
  Carla Penno, Ansaldo Ricerche, Genova, Italy

- International Scientific Committee
  Roberto Baratti, Italy
  Zeungnam Bien, Korea
  Piero Bonissone, USA
  Pierre Borne, France 
  Hans-Heinrich Bothe, Switzerland/Germany
  Abhay Bulsari, Finland
  Daniele Caviglia, Italy
  Vincent Chapurlat, France
  Raja Chatila, France 
  Richard D. Colbaugh, USA
  Anna Maria Colla, Italy
  Clarence W. de Silva, Canada
  H.A. Donegan, U.K.
  José R. Dorronsorro, Spain
  Patrick Gallinari, France
  Edoardo Gilardi, Italy
  Madan M. Gupta, Canada
  Henry H. Hexmoor, USA
  R.J. Howlett, U.K
  Charles McLean, USA
  Antony A. Maciejewski, USA
  Janine Magnier, France
  Franco Masulli, Italy
  Fazel Naghdy, Australia
  Saeid Nahavandi, Australia
  Charles C. Nguyen, USA
  David Pearson, France
  Duc T. Pham, U.K.
  Brian Roffel, Netherlands
  Alberto Servida, Italy
  Peter Vas, U.K.
  Leonello Zaquini, Italy
  Jacek M. Zurada, USA


SOCO'99 SYMPOSIUM COMMITTEE
- Honorary Chair
  Antonio di Nola, University di Napoli Federico II, Naples, Italy

- Symposium Chair
  Francesco Masulli, University of Genoa, Italy

- Symposium Vice Chair
  Colin Fyfe, University of Paisley, Scotland, U.K.

- International Scientific Committee
  Henry Abarbanel, USA
  Ethem Alpaydin, Turkey
  Peter G. Anderson, USA
  Valeriu Beiu, USA
  Gerardo Beni, USA
  Franco Bignone, Italy
  Freimut Bodendorf, Germany
  Andrej Dobnikar, Slovenia
  Marco Dorigo, Belgium
  Gerard Dray, France
  Marco Gori, Italy
  Hans Hellendoorn, Netherlands
  Laszlo Koczy, Hungary
  Mohammad Jamshidi, USA
  James Keller, USA
  Bart Kosko, USA
  Ludmila Kuncheva, U.K.
  Franz Kurfess, USA
  Sadaaki Miyamoto, Japan
  Claudio Moraga, Germany
  Pietro Morasso, Italy
  Francesco Carlo Morabito, Italy
  David W. Pearson, France
  Réjean Plamondon, Canada
  Henrik Saxen, Finland
  George D. Smith, U.K.
  Nigel Steele, U.K.
  Leonard Studer, Switzerland
  Yoshinori Uesaka, Japan


CALL FOR PAPERS
Prospective authors are requested to send a draft paper (maximum 7 pages) for review by the International Scientific Committee. All submissions must be written in English, starting with a succinct statement of the problem, the results achieved, their significance and a comparison with previous work, as well as a list of references.

The submissions should also include:
- Title of conference (SOCO'99 or IIA'99) 
- Type of paper (regular, demonstration, tutorial or invited) 
- Title of proposed paper 
- Authors names, affiliations, addresses 
- Name of author to contact for correspondence 
- E-mail address and fax # of contact author 
- Topics which best describe the paper (max. 5 keywords) 
- Short c.v. of authors

Contributions are welcome from those working in industry and having experience in the topics of this symposium as well as from academics. 

Symposium language is English. 

Invited sessions, tutorial papers, demonstrations and contributions to the special session on 'Intelligent Systems in Control and Process Optimization' are also encouraged.


SUBMISSION OF PAPERS
Submissions must be sent by September 10, 1998 either by

- Electronic mail (recommended) to operating@icsc.ab.ca
  (Text, PostScript or Word files)
  or
- Fax to ICSC Canada +1-403-387-4329
  or
- Airmail (2 copies) to:       
  ICSC Canada
  P.O. Box 279
  Millet, AB T0C 1Z0
  Canada


IMPORTANT DATES
Submission of Draft Papers:    September 10, 1998
Notification of Acceptance:    November 30, 1998
Delivery of Final Papers:      January 31, 1999
Tutorials and Workshops:       June 1, 1999
IIA'99/SOCO'99 Symposia:       June 2-4, 1999


FURTHER INFORMATION
For more detailed information, please consult the following websites:
- IIA'99:   http://www.icsc.ab.ca/iia99.htm
- SOCO'99:  http://www.icsc.ab.ca/soco99.htm

or forward any questions to the Conference Organizer
mailto:operating@icsc.ab.ca


CONFERENCE ORGANIZER
ICSC
International Computer Science Conventions
P.O. Box 279
Millet, Alberta T0C 1Z0
Canada

EMAIL:   mailto:operating@icsc.ab.ca
URL:     http://www.icsc.ab.ca
FAX:     +1-403-387-4329   (after January 25, 1999: +1-780-387-4329)
PHONE:   +1-403-387-3546   (after January 25, 1999: +1-780-387-3546)
