

From Anton.Antonov.Antonov@uni-c.dk  Thu Feb 18 15:10:13 1999
Received: from serv1.imm.dtu.dk (root@serv1.imm.dtu.dk [130.225.85.9])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id PAA23350;
	Thu, 18 Feb 1999 15:10:09 +0100 (MET)
Received: from unidhp1.uni-c.dk (unidhp1.uni-c.dk [130.228.1.2])
	by serv1.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id PAA27769
	for <phd_at_imm@imm.dtu.dk>; Thu, 18 Feb 1999 15:12:03 +0100 (MET)
Received: from localhost (anton@localhost)
	by unidhp1.uni-c.dk (8.9.2/8.9.2) with SMTP id PAA05381
	for <phd_at_imm@imm.dtu.dk>; Thu, 18 Feb 1999 15:12:03 +0100 (MET)
Date: Thu, 18 Feb 1999 15:12:02 +0100 (MET)
From: Anton Antonov <Anton.Antonov.Antonov@uni-c.dk>
To: "Ph.d. at IMM" <phd_at_imm@imm.dtu.dk>
Subject: Call For Papers, Int'l Conferences PDPTA/CISST/IC-AI'99, Las Vegas, June 28, 1999 (fwd)
Message-ID: <Pine.HPP.3.95.990218150811.1049E-100000@unidhp1.uni-c.dk>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: RO
X-Status: 



Dear Colleagues:

I would appreciate your assistance in distributing the appended
conferences' Call For Papers (PDPTA'99, CISST'99, & IC-AI'99)
to your colleagues.  Submission deadline for the draft papers
is March 1, 1999.  The three conferences will be held
simultaneously (same dates and location) at Monte Carlo Resort,
Las Vegas, Nevada, USA (June 28 - July 1, 1999).  Each conference
will have its own set of conference proceedings.

Any help in publicizing the conferences would be most appreciated.

There is still time to propose technical sessions (in particular
for CISST'99 and IC-AI'99) - names of session proposers/chairs
will appear as Associate Editors of the conference proceedings.

Kindest regards,
Hamid R. Arabnia
General Chair, PDPTA'99/CISST'99/IC-AI'99
Editor-in-Chief, Journal of Supercomputing (Kluwer)
hra@cs.uga.edu
-----------------------------------------------------------------

                 C a l l   F o r    P a p e r s
                 ==============================

1.  The 1999 International Conference on Parallel and Distributed
    Processing Techniques and Applications (PDPTA'99)
    June 28 - July 1, 1999, Monte Carlo Resort, Las Vegas, Nevada,
    USA.  http://www.jhpc.org/pdpta

2.  The 1999 International Conference on Imaging Science, Systems,
    and Technology (CISST'99)
    June 28 - July 1, 1999, Monte Carlo Resort, Las Vegas, Nevada,
    USA.  http://www.cps.udayton.edu/~pan/cisst

3.  The 1999 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence
    (IC-AI'99)
    June 28 - July 1, 1999, Monte Carlo Resort, Las Vegas, Nevada,
    USA.  http://www.jhpc.org/icai
    (We can do with a lot of help with this one.  Anyone who is
    interested in assuming a leadership position with this
    conference, please contact me soon, hra@cs.uga.edu.)

You are invited to submit a draft paper of about 4 pages and/or
proposal to organize a technical session (see below for submission
procedure).  All accepted papers will be published.
THE NAMES OF TECHNICAL SESSION CHAIRS WILL APPEAR AS ASSOCIATE
EDITORS ON THE COVER OF THE CONFERENCES PROCEEDINGS.

SCOPE OF PDPTA'99 - Topics of interest include, but are not limited
to, the following:

    Parallel/Distributed applications: Numerical computations/methods,
    neural networks and fuzzy logic, medicine, remote sensing, GIS,
    computer vision, computer graphics and virtual reality,
    parallel/distributed databases, banking, financial markets, ...
    Parallel/Distributed architectures: Clusters and parallel systems,
    MIMD, SPMD, SIMD, Systolic, vector/pipeline (supercomputers),
    shared memory, distributed memory, instructional level
    parallelism, ...  Building block processors; Networks and
    Interconnection networks: Scalable networks, Reconfigurable
    networks, routing issues, general-purpose network performance
    for distributed applications, network protocols, ATM-based
    systems, internet technology, Optical interconnections and
    computing,  ...  Reliability and fault-tolerance; Performance
    analysis, evaluation, prediction, ...  Real-time and embedded
    systems; Parallel/Distributed algorithms; Mobile computation and
    communication; Object Oriented Technology and related issues;
    Multimedia Communications, Systems, and Applications; Software
    tools and environments for parallel and distributed platforms;
    High-performance computing in Computational Science; Information
    and data fusion; Web-based simulation and computing; Other aspects
    and applications relating to high-performance computations.

SCOPE OF CISST'99 - Topics of interest include, but are not limited
to, the following:

    Image generation, acquisition, and processing; Image display techniques;
    Image data structures and databases; Convergence of imaging media
    (video and computer); Virtual reality; Image compression, coding, and
    encryption; Tools for multimedia production and services; Digital
    imaging for film and television; Visualization; Scene and object
    modeling; Knowledge acquisition; Visual inspection; Document image
    understanding; Image algebra; Optical image processing systems;
    Mathematical morphology; Architecture of imaging and vision systems
    (including, parallel architectures and algorithms); Neural network
    techniques and fuzzy logic; Performance analysis and evaluation;
    Software tools and environments for imaging; Animation; Geometric
    modeling and Fractals; CAD/CAM systems; Rendering techniques;
    Applications including: medicine, robotic, GIS, Remote sensing,
    industrial inspection (or machine vision); nondestructive evaluation
    (or NDE); Multi-resolution and multi-spectral image processing;
    Image sequence processing; Information fusion; Other aspects and
    applications relating to imaging science.

SCOPE OF IC-AI'99 - Topics of interest include, but are not limited
to, the following:

    Intelligent Information Systems, Intelligent Software Engineering,
    Intelligent Agents, Intelligent Networks, Intelligent Databases,
    Brain Models, Evolutionary Algorithms, Data mining, Machine Learning,
    Reasoning Strategies, Automated Problem Solving, Distributed AI
    Algorithms and Techniques, Distributed AI Systems and Architectures,
    Expert Systems, Fuzzy Logic, Genetic Algorithms, Heuristic Searching,
    Knowledge Acquisition, Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Representation,
    Knowledge-Intensive Problem Solving Techniques, Languages and
    Programming Techniques for AI, Software Tools for AI, Natural
    Language Processing, Neural Networks and Applications, Multisource
    Information Fusion - Theory and Applications, Multisource-Multisensor
    Data Fusion, Learning and Adaptive Sensor Fusion, Multisensor Data
    Fusion Using Neural and Fuzzy Techniques, Integration of AI with
    other Technologies, Evaluation of AI Tools, Social Impact of AI,
    Applications in: Computer Vision, Signal Processing, Military,
    Surveillance, Robotics, Medicine, Pattern Recognition, Face
    Recognition, Finger Print Recognition, Finance and Marketing,
    Stock Market, Education, and Emerging Applications.


SUBMISSION OF PAPERS:

      Prospective authors are invited to submit three copies of their
      draft paper (about 4 pages) to H. R. Arabnia (address is given
      below) by the due date.  E-mail and Fax submissions are also
      acceptable.  The length of the Camera-Ready papers (if accepted)
      will be limited to 7 pages.  Papers must not have been
      previously published or currently submitted for publication
      elsewhere.

      The first page of the draft paper should include: title of the
      paper, name, affiliation, postal address, E-mail address,
      telephone number, and Fax number for each author.  The first
      page should also include the name of the author who will be
      presenting the paper (if accepted), the conference in which
      the paper is being submitted to (PDPTA'99, CISST'99, or IC-AI'99),
      and a maximum of 5 keywords.


PROPOSAL FOR ORGANIZING TECHNICAL SESSIONS:

      Each technical session will have  at least 6 paper presentations.
      The session chairs will be responsible for all aspects of their
      sessions; including, soliciting papers, reviewing, selecting, ...
      The names of session chairs will appear as Associate Editors in
      the conference proceedings.  After the conferences, some sessions
      will be considered for publication in appropriate journals as
      Special Issues with the session proposer as the Guest Editor
      of the journal.

      Proposals to organize technical sessions should include the
      following information: name and address (+ E-mail) of proposer,
      title of session, a 100-word description of the topic of the
      session, and a short description on how the session will
      be advertised (in most cases, session proposers solicit papers
      from colleagues and researchers whose work is known to the
      session proposer).
      Mail your proposal to H. R. Arabnia (address is given below);
      E-mail submissions are preferred.

EVALUATION PROCESS:

      Papers will be evaluated for originality, significance, clarity,
      and soundness.  Each paper will be refereed by two researchers in
      the topical area.  The Camera-Ready papers will be reviewed by
      one person.


PUBLICATION:

      The conference proceedings for each conference (PDPTA'99, CISST'99,
      and IC-AI'99) will be published by CSREA Press (ISBN).
      Proceedings will be available at the conferences.  All accepted
      papers will also be considered for journal publication (soon after
      the conferences).
      

ORGANIZERS/SPONSORS:

      A number of university faculty members and their staff
      in cooperation with the Monte Carlo Resort (Conference Division,
      Las Vegas ), will be organizing the conferences.  The conferences
      are co-sponsored by the Computer Science Research, Education, and
      Applications Press (CSREA: USA Federal EIN # 58-2171953);
      the National Supercomputing Center for Energy and the Environment
      (Department of Energy, USA); The International Association for
      Mathematics and Computers in Simulation (IMACS); The International
      Technology Institute (ITI); The Java High Performance Computing
      research group (JHPC; www.jhpc.org for PDPTA and CISST); the Computer
      Vision Research and Applications Tech. (CVRA); Korean Information
      Processing Society (KIPS); World Scientific and Engineering
      Society http://members.tripod.com/wses/wses.htm (pending); developers
      of high-performance machines and systems (pending) + ...


LOCATION OF CONFERENCES (PDPTA'99, CISST'99, IC-AI'99):

      The conferences will be held in the Monte Carlo Resort
      hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.  This is a mega hotel
      with excellent conference facilities and over 3000 rooms.
      The hotel is minutes from the Las Vegas airport with free
      shuttles to and from the airport.  This hotel has many
      vacation and recreational attractions, including:
      waterfalls, casino, spa, pools & kiddie pools, sunning decks,
      Easy River water ride, wave pool with cascades, lighted
      tennis courts, health spa (with workout equipment, whirlpool,
      sauna, ...), arcade virtual reality game rooms, nightly
      shows, snack bars, a number of restaurants, shopping
      area, bars, ...  Many of these attractions are open 24
      hours a day and most are suitable for families and children.
      The negotiated hotel's room rate for conference attendees
      is very reasonable ($79 + tax) per night (no extra charge
      for double occupancy) for the duration of the conferences.

      The hotel is within walking distance from most other
      Las Vegas attractions (major shopping areas, recreational
      destinations, fine dining and night clubs, free street
      shows, ...).
      For the benefit of our international colleagues: the state of
      Nevada neighbors with the states of California, Oregon, Idaho,
      Utah, and Arizona.  Las Vegas is only a few driving hours away
      from other major cities, including: Los Angeles, San Diego,
      Phoenix, Grand Canyon, ...

EXHIBITION:

      An exhibition is planned for the duration of the conferences.
      We have reserved 20+ exhibit spaces.  Interested parties
      should contact H. R. Arabnia (address is given below).
      All exhibitors will be considered to be the co-sponsors
      of the conferences.  Each exhibitor will have the opportunity
      to include a two-page description of their latest products
      in the conference proceedings of their choice (if submitted
      by May 1, 1999).


IMPORTANT DATES:

        March 1, 1999 (Monday):     Draft papers (about 4-page) due
       April  5, 1999 (Monday):     Notification of acceptance
          May 1, 1999 (Monday):     Camera-Ready papers & Pre-reg. due
        June 28 - July 1, 1999:     PDPTA'99 + CISST'99 + IC-AI'99
                                    Conferences

      Proposals to organize technical sessions should be submitted as
      soon as possible.
      All accepted papers are expected to be presented at the conferences.


MEMBERS OF PROGRAM & ORGANIZING COMMITTEES:

      For a complete list refer to the conference web pages.
      Those interested in joining the Program Committees should email
      H. R. Arabnia (hra@cs.uga.edu) the following information:
      Name, affiliation and position, complete mailing address,
      email address, tel/fax numbers, a short biography together with
      research interests.

CONFERENCE CONTACT:

          Prof. Hamid R. Arabnia
          General Chair: PDPTA, CISST, IC-AI'99
          The University of Georgia
          Department of Computer Science
          415 Graduate Studies Research Center
          Athens, Georgia 30602-7404, U.S.A.

          Tel: (706) 542-3480
          Fax: (706) 542-2966
          E-mail: hra@cs.uga.edu
