

From jlaukes@U.Arizona.EDU  Tue Jan 19 03:05:33 1999
Received: from pavo.U.Arizona.EDU (pavo-1.U.Arizona.EDU [128.196.137.195])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id DAA22909
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Tue, 19 Jan 1999 03:05:31 +0100 (MET)
Received: from localhost (jlaukes@localhost)
	by pavo.U.Arizona.EDU (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id SAA29192;
	Mon, 18 Jan 1999 18:22:22 -0700 (MST)
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 1999 18:22:22 -0700 (MST)
From: James M Laukes <jlaukes@U.Arizona.EDU>
To: jlaukes@U.Arizona.EDU
Subject: Online conference:  Investigation of Conscious Emotion
Message-ID: <Pine.HPX.4.02.9901181815480.27027-100000@pavo.U.Arizona.EDU>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: RO
X-Status: 


Please post or distribute as appropriate.


              The Investigation of Conscious Emotion: 
      Combining First Person and Third Person Methodologies

                   February 22-March 5, 1999
                     An On-Line Conference

                         Sponsored By 
                    Consciousness Studies 
                 at The University of Arizona 
            and the Journal of Consciousness Studies
 
Open House and registration begins on February 1, 1999 at: 
http://www.consciousness.arizona.edu/emotion.html
There is no cost to register. Access to the conference will require a
password which will be provided after registration.

Conference Leaders:
* Lis Nielsen, Psychology, University of Arizona 
* Al Kaszniak, Psychology, Neurology and Psychiatry, University of Arizona
 
With Invited Commentaries By:
* Bernard Baars, Psychology, The Wright Institute, Berkeley, California 
* David Chalmers, Philosophy, University of Arizona 
* James Coan, Psychology, University of Arizona 
* Jonathan Cole, Clinical Neurological Sciences, University of Southampton 
* Craig DeLancey, Philosophy and Cognitive Science, Indiana University 
* Natalie Depraz, Philosophy, CREA, Ecole Polytechnique, Paris, France 
* David Galin, University of California, San Francisco 
* Shaun Gallagher, Philosophy and Cognitive Science, Canisius College 
* Marja Germans, Psychology, Vanderbilt University 
* Leslie Greenberg, Psychology, York University, Ontario 
* Valerie Gray Hardcastle, Philosophy, Virginia Tech 
* Richard Lane, Psychiatry and Psychology, University of Arizona 
* Bruce Mangan, Institute of Cognitive Studies, UC Berkeley 
* Jaak Panksepp, Psychology, Bowling Green State University 
* Michael Robinson, Psychology, University of Illinois 
* Marilyn Schlitz, Director of Research, Institute of Noetic Sciences 
* Jonathan Shear, Philosophy, Virginia Commonwealth University 
* Heather Urry, Psychology, University of Arizona 
* Francisco Varela, Cognitive Neuroscience, Paris, France 
* Max Velmans, Psychology, University of London 
* Pierre Vermersch, CNRS, GREX, Saint-Elbe, France 
* Doug Watt, Director of Neuropsychology, Quincy Hospital, Quincy, MA
 
Overall Focus of the Conference:
The field of emotion research examines a class of mental phenomena for 
which a main component is the conscious experience of emotion. Due to
difficulties inherent in rendering first person subjective experience 
measures amenable to scientific interpretation, our current 
understanding of the experiential component of emotion remains limited. 

Open-ended verbal response format procedures have had the advantage 
of allowing description of an emotional experience with whatever words 
seem to best capture it. However, the resulting narratives can be 
difficult to adequately categorize and quantify. Fixed response format 
approaches are more easily quantified, but rest on a priori 
assumptions about what comprises the domain of emotional experience. 

When these subjective measures are linked to third person behavioral and 
physiological measures interesting correlations have been found. 
But what do these correlations tell us? Do they suggest a functional role 
for the conscious experience of emotion? Does the subjective experience of 
emotion play an important role in the development of a sense of self, 
in social communication, in emotional regulation, or in other forms 
of complex cognitive processing? Or is the experiential component 
of emotion a mere epiphenomenon? 

As investigators of emotion begin to tackle questions at the interface of 
emotion, neuroscience, and consciousness studies, new methodologies may be 
required. This on-line workshop will focus on methodological issues facing 
emotion researchers in particular, and investigators of consciousness in 
general, who are interested in understanding role of experience in our 
mental life.
 


                   Conference Outline
                Week One, February 22-26

Methodological Proposals in Consciousness Studies 
(February 22-23)
Researchers in a variety of disciplines have outlined broad methodological 
strategies for approaching the scientific study of consciousness. Common 
among a number of these is a concern to take subjective reports 
seriously as a valid source of information about consciousness. 

First Person Methods in Emotion Research 
(February 23-25)
Emotion is a complex psychological construct that evades simple definition. 
However, many researchers will agree that emotions involve several 
components, including physiological arousal, overt or expressive behavior, 
cognitive appraisal, and subjective experience. Current research programs 
incorporate measures of experience in a variety of ways:
Considered as true "measures of experience," how do the various approaches 
"measure up"? What are the particular strengths and weaknesses of the 
various approaches? What are the built-in assumptions of each?

Arguments against Introspection 
(February 25-26)
How fatal are the arguments against introspectionism to any attempts to 
integrate phenomenal data in empirical research on consciousness? 


                 Week Two: March 1-5

Re-thinking Our Approach to Experiential Phenomena 
(March 1-3)
Perhaps acceptance of phenomenological data as a valid component to 
experimental studies in its own right will not come from arguments about 
the validity of introspective data. Instead, such acceptance might 
come through the consistent demonstration that emotional experience 
has an important functional role (e.g., in cognitive activity, in 
social behavior, in mediating physiological responses to emotional events).
Such an approach will require that we continue to evaluate our measures of 
experience and get better at understanding the dimensions along which 
experiences can vary and the types of laboratory situations that 
are conducive to the elicitation of emotional experiences.

New Methodologies: Evoking Experience and Measuring Experience 
(March 3-5)
Participants discuss current and future approaches. 
 

System Requirements:
In preparation for the conference, please be sure that you have a reasonably 
current web browser. Your web browser's version number should be 
available under its Help..About.. menus. We strongly recommend a minimum of 
either Internet Explorer 4 or Netscape Communicator 4. You must have at least 
Internet Explorer 3.0 or Netscape Communicator 3.0.
If your browser is an earlier version, please visit 
http://www.consciousness.arizona.edu/modernsci/contSysReq.html. We have 
posted the system requirements for each browser version and links to places 
within Microsoft and Netscape where you can download a newer browser.
