

From ml-connectionists-request@mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu Tue Apr  6 06:07:11 MET 1999
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu (MLIST-1.SP.CS.CMU.EDU [128.2.185.162])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id GAA00644;
	Tue, 6 Apr 1999 06:07:05 +0200 (METDST)
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa18847;
          5 Apr 99 23:05 EDT
Received: from SKINNER.BOLTZ.CS.CMU.EDU by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa18844;
          5 Apr 99 22:57 EDT
Received: from skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu by skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu id aa12380;
          5 Apr 99 22:57 EDT
Received: from MM.GP.CS.CMU.EDU by ux3.sp.cs.cmu.edu id ab27592;
          5 Apr 99 21:33 EDT
Received: from snowmass.phys.nwu.edu by MM.GP.CS.CMU.EDU id aa14906;
          5 Apr 99 21:32:40 EDT
Received: (from solla@localhost)
	by snowmass.phys.nwu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5) id UAA10273
	for Connectionists@C.CS.CMU.EDU; Mon, 5 Apr 1999 20:32:37 -0500 (CDT)
From: "Sara A. Solla" <solla@snowmass.phys.nwu.edu>
Message-Id: <199904060132.UAA10273@snowmass.phys.nwu.edu>
Subject: NIPS*99 -- Call for Papers
To: Connectionists@mm.gp.cs.cmu.edu
Date: Mon, 5 Apr 1999 20:32:37 -0500 (CDT)
Reply-To: solla@nwu.edu
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL25]
Content-Type: text
Status: RO
X-Status: 





                        CALL FOR PAPERS -- NIPS*99

         Neural Information Processing Systems -- Natural and Synthetic
                  Monday November 29 - Saturday December 4, 1999
                              Denver, Colorado

This is the thirteenth meeting of an interdisciplinary conference which brings 
together cognitive scientists, computer scientists, engineers, neuroscientists,
physicists, and mathematicians interested in all aspects of neural processing 
and computation.  The conference will include invited talks as well as oral and 
poster presentations of refereed papers.  The conference is single track and is 
highly selective.  Preceding the main session, there will be one day of tutorial
presentations (November 29), and following it there will be two days of focused 
workshops on topical issues at a nearby ski area (December 3-4). Major categories 
for paper submission, with example subcategories (by no means exhaustive), are 
as follows:

Algorithms and Architectures: supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms, 
model selection algorithms, active learning algorithms, feedforward and 
recurrent network architectures, localized basis functions, mixture models, 
belief networks, graphical models, Gaussian processes, factor analysis, 
topographic maps, combinatorial optimization, hybrid symbolic-subsymbolic 
systems. 

Applications: handwriting recognition, sequence analysis, expert systems, 
fault diagnosis, medical diagnosis, analysis of medical images, data analysis, 
database mining, information retrieval, network traffic, music processing, 
time-series prediction, financial analysis.

Cognitive Science/Artificial Intelligence: perception and psychophysics, 
neuropsychology, cognitive neuroscience, development, conditioning, human 
learning and memory, attention, language, natural language, reasoning, spatial 
cognition, emotional cognition, conceptual representation, neurophilosophy, 
problem solving and planning. 

Implementations: analog and digital VLSI, optical neurocomputing systems, novel 
neurodevices, computational sensors and actuators, simulation tools.  

Neuroscience: neural encoding, spiking neurons, synchronicity, sensory 
processing, systems neurophysiology, neuronal development, synaptic plasticity, 
neuromodulation, dendritic computation, channel dynamics, experimental data 
relevant to computational issues. 

Reinforcement Learning and Control: exploration, planning, navigation, 
Q-learning, TD-learning, state estimation, dynamic programming, robotic motor 
control, process control, Markov decision processes.

Speech and Signal Processing: speech recognition, speech coding, speech 
synthesis, auditory scene analysis, source separation, applications of hidden 
Markov models to signal processing, models of human speech perception, auditory 
modeling and psychoacoustics.

Theory: computational learning theory, statistical physics of learning, 
information theory, prediction and generalization, regularization, Boltzmann 
machines, Helmholtz machines, decision trees, support vector machines, online 
learning, dynamics of learning algorithms, approximation and estimation theory, 
learning of dynamical systems, complexity theory.

Visual Processing: image processing, image coding, object recognition, visual 
psychophysics, stereopsis, motion detection and tracking.

REVIEW CRITERIA: All submitted papers will be thoroughly refereed on the basis 
of technical quality, significance, and clarity.  Novelty of the work is also 
a strong consideration in paper selection, but to encourage interdisciplinary 
contributions, we will consider work which has been submitted or presented in 
part elsewhere, if it is unlikely to have been seen by the NIPS audience. There
will be an opportunity to revise accepted manuscripts after the meeting, 
before submitting a final camera-ready copy.

SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: NIPS is modifying its submission procedure, in the 
process of migrating to an electronic submission system. THE SUBMISSION PROCESS
IS DIFFERENT FROM THE ONE USED IN THE PAST!! This year we require BOTH 
electronic and hard copy submissions.   Please read carefully the instructions 
below, and follow them faithfully. Your collaboration is greatly appreciated, 
as it will help us through the implementation of a new system that will become 
fully electronic for NIPS*2000.

PAPER FORMAT: Submitted papers may be up to seven pages in length, including 
figures and references. Authors are required to use the NIPS LaTeX style files 
obtainable by anonymous FTP at the site given below. THE STYLE FILES HAVE BEEN 
UPDATED; please make sure that you use the current ones and not previous versions. 
Submissions failing to follow these guidelines will not be considered.

HARD COPIES: Please send FOUR copies of each submitted paper to Todd Leen, 
the NIPS*99 Program Chair, at the address indicated below. An accompanying 
front page must specify (1) name, physical address, and email address of all 
authors; (2) the name of the author to whom correspondence should be addressed;
(3) the category to which the paper is being submitted, chosen among the nine 
major categories listed above; (4) the authors' preference, if any, for oral or
poster presentation (this preference will play no role in paper acceptance); 
and (5) whether the work, or any substantial part thereof, has been submitted 
to or presented at any other scientific conference. 

ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION: In addition to mailing four hard copies, you MUST enter 
your submission in the Electronic Submission Form available through the NIPS 
website listed below. This will be your PRIMARY submission, and the Electronic 
Submission Form must be completed in all cases. You will be asked to enter 
paper title, name of all authors, category, oral/poster preference, and data 
about the contact author (name, full address, telephone, fax, and email). You 
will also be able to upload an electronic (postscript or pdf) version of your 
paper. You MUST mail four hard copies of your paper to Todd Leen, the NIPS*99 
Program Chair, even if you succeed at uploading the electronic version of your 
paper during electronic submission. 

SUBMISSION DEADLINE: ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS MUST BE LOGGED BY MAY 21, 1999, 
AND HARD COPIES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE SAME DATE. Hard copy submissions mailed 
from within the USA via first class mail will be accepted if postmarked on or 
before May 18, 1999. 

Mail hard copy submissions to:

   Todd K. Leen
   NIPS*99 Program Chair
   Department of Computer Science and Engineering
   Oregon Graduate Institute of Science & Technology
   20000 N.W. Walker Rd. 
   Beaverton, OR 97006, USA

The LaTeX style files for NIPS, the Electronic Submission Page, and other 
conference information are available on the World Wide Web at

   http://www.cs.cmu.edu/Web/Groups/NIPS

Copies of the style files are also available via anonymous ftp at

   ftp.cs.cmu.edu (128.2.206.173) in /afs/cs/Web/Groups/NIPS/formatting

For general inquiries or requests for registration material 

   E-mail: nipsinfo@salk.edu  or Fax: (619) 587-0417

NIPS*99 Organizing Committee: General Chair, Sara Solla, Northwestern 
University; Program Chair, Todd Leen, Oregon Graduate Institute; Publications 
Chair, Klaus Mueller, GMD First; Tutorial Chair, Joachim Buhmann, University 
of Bonn; Workshops Co-Chairs, Sue Becker, McMaster University, and Rich Caruana,
Carnegie Mellon University; Publicity Chair, Lee Giles, NEC Research Institute;
Treasurer, Bartlett Mel, University of Southern California; Web Master, Doug 
Baker, Carnegie Mellon University; Government Liaison, Gary Blasdel, Harvard
Medical School; Contracts, Steve Hanson, Rutgers University, and Gerry Tesauro, 
IBM.

NIPS*99 Program Committee: Leon Bottou, AT&T Labs - Research; Gary Cottrell, 
University of California San Diego; Zoubin Ghahramani, University College 
London; Tommi Jaakkola, MIT; John Lazzaro, University of California Berkeley; 
Todd Leen, Oregon Graduate Institute (chair); John Moody, Oregon Graduate 
Institute; Barak Pearlmutter, University of New Mexico; Alexandre Pouget, 
University of Rochester; David Saad, Aston University; Lawrence Saul, AT&T 
Labs - Research; Sebastian Thrun, Carnegie Mellon University; Benjamin Van Roy,
Stanford University; Paul Viola, MIT.


                   PAPERS MUST BE RECEIVED BY MAY 21, 1999

   IMPORTANT: submission instructions have changed!! Please read carefully






