

From ml-connectionists-request@mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu Wed May  5 13:50:19 MET 1999
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu (MLIST-1.SP.CS.CMU.EDU [128.2.185.162])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id NAA11286;
	Wed, 5 May 1999 13:50:10 +0200 (METDST)
Received: from mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa29995;
          5 May 99 2:14 EDT
Received: from SKINNER.BOLTZ.CS.CMU.EDU by mlist-1.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa29993;
          5 May 99 2:09 EDT
Received: from skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu by skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu id aa23842;
          5 May 99 2:08 EDT
Received: from CS.CMU.EDU by ux3.sp.cs.cmu.edu id aa29740; 3 May 99 14:07 EDT
Received: from dudley.holycross.edu by CS.CMU.EDU id aa08771;
          3 May 99 14:07:16 EDT
Received: from HCDOMAIN-Message_Server by dudley.holycross.edu
	with Novell_GroupWise; Mon, 03 May 1999 14:05:42 -0400
Message-Id: <s72dad36.022@dudley.holycross.edu>
X-Mailer: Novell GroupWise 5.5
Date: Mon, 03 May 1999 14:05:32 -0400
From: Karsten Stueber <KSTUEBER@holycross.edu>
To: connectionists@cs.cmu.edu
MMDF-Warning:  Parse error in original version of preceding line at skinner.boltz.cs.cmu.edu
Subject: SPP program, housing and conference registration
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by eivind.imm.dtu.dk id NAA11286
Status: RO
X-Status: 

This e-mail contains information about the preliminary program, on-campus
housing, and conference registration. It also contains a Conference
Pre-registration form and an On- Campus Housing reservation form. On-
Campus Housing is limited. You are therefore advised to reserve a room
ASAP. (Latest by May 24, 1999). Please note also that the On-Campus 
Reservation and Conference Registration have to be sent to different
addresses. For information about the finalized program and further travel
information please check the SPP conference web page at http://www.hfac.uh.edu/cogsci/spp/wwwanlmt.htm


PRELIMINARY PROGRAM OF
THE 25th ANNIVERSARY MEETING OF
THE SOCIETY FOR PHILOSOPHY AND PSYCHOLOGY
(For the exact program, please check the SPP
website in the first week of May)

STANFORD UNIVERSITY
JUNE 19-22, 1999

The first panel will be on Saturday, June 19, 1999 at 3:30pm. The last
session will be on Tuesday Morning, June 22, 1999.

SYMPOSIA:

Symposium I: Theory of Mind: Infants and Primates
	Confirmed speakers:
		Alison Gopnik (Psychology, UC Berkeley)
		Daniel Povinelli (New Iberia Research Center, USL)

Symposium II: Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience
	 Confirmed speakers:
		Gregory McCarthy (Brain Imaging & Analysis Center, Duke)
		Lynn Robertson (Martinez VA & UC Berkeley)

Symposium III: "Then and Now in Philosophy and Psychology"
	  Confirmed speakers:
		Hilary Putnam (Philosophy, Harvard)
		Roger Shepard (Psychology, Stanford)

Symposium IV: Past, Present, and Future of SPP (Special Panel Discussion)
	Panelists:
		Patrick Suppes (Philosophy, Stanford)
		Daniel Dennett (Philosophy, Tufts)
		Stephen Stich  (Philosophy, Rutgers)
		Kathleen Akins (Philosophy, Simon Fraser)
		Stevan Harnad  (Cognitive Science, Southampton)

INVITED SPEAKERS:

Session I: Mechanism of Pain
	Allan Basbaum (Neuroscience, UCSF)

[Other invited and symposium speakers unlisted due to pending confirmation]

CONTRIBUTED SESSIONS

A. Belief and Explanation
	Carol Slater (Alma College) No 'There' There: Ruth Millikan,
	Lloyd Morgan, and the Case of the Missing Indexicals"
	Kristen Andrews and Peter Verbeek (University of Minnesota)
Prediction,
	Explanation, and Folk Psychology

B. Belief and Thought
	Eric Schwitzgebel (University of California, Riverside)
	In-Between Believing
	Lawrence A. Beyer (Stanford University) Do We Believe Only
	What We Take to Be True?

C. Mind and Brain
	William Bechtel (Washington University, St. Louis) and Robert
	N. McCauley (Emory University) Heuristic Identity Theory (or Back
to
	the Future): The Mind-Body Problem Against the Background of
Research
	Strategies in Cognitive Neuroscience"

	Max Velmans (University of London) How to Make Sense of the
	Causal Interactions Between Consciousness and the Brain

	Bruce Mangan (University of California, Berkeley) The Fallacy
	of Functional Exclusion

D. Functions of the Senses
	Brian Keeley (Washington University, St. Louis / University of
Northern
	Iowa) Making Sense of Modalities"

	Alva Noe (University of California, Santa Cruz) What Change
Blindness
	Really Teaches Us About Vision

	Bernard Baars (The Wright Institute) Criteria for
	Consciousness in the Brain: Methodological Implications of Recent
	Developments in Visual Neuroscience"

E. Cognition
	Jesse Prinz (Washington University, St. Louis) Mad Dogs and
	Englishmen: Concept Nativism Reconsidered

	Muhammad Ali Khalidi (American University) Two Models of Innateness

	James Blackmon, David Byrd, Robert Cummins, Pierre Poirier,
	Martin Roth (University of California, Davis) Systematicity and the
	Cognition of Structural Domains

F. Representation and Pain
	Stephanie Beardman (Rutgers University) The Choice Between Actual
and
	Remembered Pain

	Murat Aydede (University of Chicago) Pain Qualia and
	Representationalism

	William Robinson (Iowa State) Representationalism and Epiphenomenalism



POSTER PRESENTATIONS

Tim Bayne (University of Arizona)
H. Looren de Jong (Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam)
Donald Dryden (Duke University)
Sanford Goldberg (Grinell College)
Daniel Haybron (Rutgers University)
David Hunter (Buffalo State University)
Ariel Kernberg (University College, London)
Stan Klein (UC-Berkeley)
Uriah Kriegel (Brown University)
John Kulvicki (University of Chicago)
Justin Leiber (University of Houston)
Ron Mallon (Rutgers University)
Shaun Maxwell (Queens University, Canada)
Lawrence Roberts (SUNY Binghamton)
Teed Rockwell
Peter Ross (Pomona College)
James Taylor (Bowling Green State University)
Charles Twardy (Indiana University)
Ruediger Vaas (University of Stuttgart & University of Hohenheim)
Adam Vinueza (University of Colorado)
Jonathan Weinberg (Rutgers University)
Josh Weisberg (City University of New York)
Tadeusz Zawidzki (Washington University, St. Louis)
Jing Zhu (University of Waterloo, Canada)


	Conference Pre-Registration Form

Mail completed form with check or money order made payable to Society for
Philosophy and Psychology, ASAP (It has to be received no later than June
8, 1999) to:Karsten Stueber;Secretary-Treasurer; SPP; Department of
Philosophy; College of the Holy Cross; PO Box 137A; Worcester, MA 01610

Name                                                                      
           

Address                                                                   
          

	                                                                  
            

	                                                                  
             

Daytime Phone (   )                   Fax(   )                    

e-mail                                                                    
         

Institutional Affiliation                                                 
  

                                            

Conference Registration Fee

Member:$40

Nonmember:$60

Student: $15

Banquet and Presidential Address
($48 per person, including taxes and tips)

	$48 per person x       #of persons						$        

August 1998-July 1999 SPP Membership Dues
(New Members pay member conference registration fees)

 Regular Member: $25

 Student: $5


Contributions to William James Graduate Student Award
$        


Total	$        




On Campus Accommodations:

Rates:
51.00 per night for single
39.00 per person per night for shared
These rates include daily continental  breakfast and weekly maid service
(beds are made upon arrival but only common areas are cleaned each day). 
Linen and Towels will be provided but you may wish to bring extra towels
since we will not have daily maid service.

Reservations:

All Rooms must be paid in advance. Only three-day packages may be
reserved.  That is, each on campus resident must  pay, in advance,  for
(at least) three nights, regardless of intended check-in/check-out
date.

	a single room on campus 				 153.00
In order to reserve 					please send a
check for
	a double room on campus				 117/person

In order to be assured a room,  Your check MUST  be received not later
than May 24, 1999

Please fill out the On Campus Housing registration form and make sure to
indicate your Name, Address, phone number, gender, and roommate preference,
if any. 

Roommate Preferences: If you have a preferred roommate,  please indicate
the person with whom you intend to room. If you wish to be assigned a
roommate, please indicate your gender.

Check-in Time: 1-3 at American Studies House in the governor's Corner
Complex.

Late Check-in:  Late arrivals will check in at Summer Conference Office at
the Elliot Program Center, near the governor's Corner Complex.

Check-out.  By noon, Tuesday, June 22.

Additional Nights:  Additional may be arranged with Stanford Summer
Conference Services at the rate of 43.75/night for single 32.00/night for
doubles (no continental breakfast included). Those requesting additional
nights will pay the Summer Conferences Services directly for additional
nights.  If you wish additional nights, indicate so in writing and we will
pass word onto them.

Key Deposit: Each on campus resident will be required to leave a refundable
$70.00 key deposit.

Special Services:  Participants or attendees needing special arrangements
to accommodate a disability may request accommodations by contacting
Kenneth Taylor.  Request should by made by May 15th, 1999.  phone
650-723-2547.  e-mail taylor@turing.stanford.edu, fax: 650-723-0985

Phone Services:  Pay phones are available in each dorm. Individual rooms
do not have phones, however.

On Campus Parking:  Daily parking permits for $2.00/day may be purchased
at check-in and at conference registration.



On Campus Housing Reservation Form

Mail completed form with check or money order made payable to Society for
Philosophy and Psychology, ASAP (It has to be received latest by May 24,
1999) to:
 Kenneth Taylor
Department of Philosophy
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94022.



Name  (Mr. or Ms.)                                                        
                       


Address                                                                   
          

	                                                                  
            

	                                                                  
             

Daytime Phone (   )                          Fax(   )                   


e-mail                                                                    
         


Institutional Affiliation                                                 
  


Name of Preferred Roommate:                                      


Reservation for a single room on campus (three days)
$153.00/per person

Reservation  for a double room on campus(three days)			
$117/person

Total: $              

Alternate Accommodations:

For those preserving to stay off campus,  a small number of rooms have
been blocked off at the Cardinal Hotel in downtown Palo Alto, about a mile
from the center of Campus, but close to many fine restaurants, bars, and
shopping.  To reserve a room at the Cardinal call:
650-323-5101.  Rates: 107+ tax for both double and single rooms.

The Cardinal Hotel is located at
235 Hamilton Ave
Palo Alto, California.

Be sure to Mention the Society for Philosophy and Psychology to receive
the Stanford Rate.

This block of rooms will be released as of May 19th, 1999 and will be
available only on a first-come, first-serve basis thereafter.

For additional hotels and other visitor information consult the following
web page:

http://www.stanford.edu/home/visitors/index.html

Program Co-Chair:	Guven Guzeldere guven@aas.duke.edu.
Program Co-Chair:	Steven Harnad harnad@coglit.soton.ac.uk
President (1999): 	Brian Cantwell Smith smithbc@indiana.edu
Secretary-Treasurer:	Karsten Stueber kstueber@holycross.edu
Local Arrangements:	Kenneth Taylor taylor@csli.stanford.edu


