

From JJIIOTTX@uunet.uu.net  Mon Jul 27 08:21:13 1998
Received: from relay5.UU.NET (relay5.UU.NET [192.48.96.15])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) with ESMTP id IAA11209
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Mon, 27 Jul 1998 08:21:11 +0200 (METDST)
From: JJIIOTTX@uunet.uu.net
Received: from mail.uu.net by relay5.UU.NET with SMTP 
	(peer crosschecked as: 1Cust94.tnt2.kcy2.da.uu.net [153.35.61.94])
	id QQezun23810; Mon, 27 Jul 1998 02:17:22 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Sun, 26 Jul 98 01:15:25 EST
To: IOOUUTX@uunet.uu.net
Subject: Hosting Exchange Students?
Message-ID: <893732625274784525@msn.com>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

HOW BIG ARE THE HEARTS OF AMERICANS?

My name is Deborah and I am with a non-profit organization by the 
name of Nacel Open Door.  We are a very reputable exchange 
organization that places students in host homes in the United States. 
We need your help because we are at a point where we have 
300 students left and three weeks to place them.  

We are looking for good, clean, stable, caring, moral environments 
for our students to live in for a year or semester beginning the 21st 
of August. Traditional or non-traditional families with or without 
children may apply.  Singles may also apply if your specific 
situation meets our requirements of supervision for the student.  

All you have to provide is a bed and food for the student and it should 
cost you nothing.  The students come with ample spending money to pay for 
their expenses.  Students have good English abilities and can function in an 
American High School.  

We take care of securing the space for the student at the High School and 
speaking with you and your student on a monthly basis at a minimum. 
Students may share a room with a same sex sibbling and the relationships that are 
formed are life-long.  

We have students from Europe, Asia, South America, and the former Soviet.  
They are students from sterling families and are normally never a problem. 

I have hosted 22 and have not had a problem with one of them.  My family has 
become so enriched by the experience that I  am very happy that I became 
involved with the organization 10 years ago.   If your child is studying another 
language the experience that this provides them is as good as actually living
in another country.  

I know that we all have very busy schedules and taking on one more responsibility 
would seem impossible.  I am the owner of a private school and I never thought that
I could fit it into my schedule but I am so glad that I did.  My first was from Croatia and
he has become my son.  I have travelled to visit his parents and they have travelled 
to visit us.  We have become an international family and have benefitted greatly from
the experience.

We cannot offer you any monetary rewards for offering  your home but we are prepared
to say thank you by entering your name in a drawing for one  $1000 scholarship for every
ten families that host from this email.  If you cannot use a scholarship for your child to 
travel on one of our programs then we will put your name in a drawing for a pair of
international air tickets to travel to the country of the student that you host. 
Depending upon the response that we receive from this email, we may offer more
international air tickets. 

There are some restrictions that apply to the travel dates, and we need some advance
notice of when you want to travel but that will all be explained to you in detail. 

If you are interested in more information about our program then please contact me
via email or you may call me directly at 888--542-6366.  If you have to leave a voice mail,
I will get back to you as soon as possible.  Or you can visit our website and send a
request for more info from there. <A HREF="http://www.opkone.com/opendoor"> 
Click here to visit our site , ...................... </A>

I know that this plea will not fall on deaf ear because the American people are warm, 
giving and caring people.  If you are just interested in finding more out about this program
feel free to contact us, you are under no obligation and there will be no pressure to do 
this.  This has to be right for you for it to be right for the student.  But I can assure you
that if you do decide to do this that you will not be sorry you did.  If the situation just does
not work for you then you are not committed for the entire year or semester.  We will be the 
safety net to take responsibility for the student and move him to another home.  

I thank you for the time that it took to read this email.  I hope that I will get an opportunity
to speak to each and everyone of you, and that you have as wonderful of an experience
that I have.

Warmest regards,
Deborah

----------
[ This message is not intended for residents in the state of Washington,
screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability.
If you are a Washington resident or otherwise wish to be removed from this
list,  <A HREF="http://opkone.com/remove.htm"> 
Click here to go to global remove site if you want your address removed from mailing </A>

Per Section 301, Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S. 1618, further transmissions to you by the 
sender of this email may be stopped at no cost to you by using the 'remove' link 
in the preceding paragraph. ***7/10/98  PS. 

This message is sent in compliance of the new e-mail bill: SECTION 301.
http://www.senate.gov/~murkowski/commercialemail/EMailAmendText.html  












,.,,,
