

From ade.paria@virgin.net  Sun Oct 11 00:03:39 1998
Received: from newmail.virgin.net (newmail.virgin.net [194.168.54.44])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) with ESMTP id AAA17507
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Sun, 11 Oct 1998 00:03:38 +0200 (METDST)
From: ade.paria@virgin.net
Received: from virgin.net ([194.168.59.67]) by newmail.virgin.net
          (Post.Office MTA v3.5 release 217 ID# 0-52107U250000L250000S0V35)
          with SMTP id net; Sat, 10 Oct 1998 23:02:35 +0100
To: ade.paria@virgin.net
Subject: World Wide genuine business launch oppotunities.
Date: Sat, 10 Oct 1998 23:02:35 +0100
Message-ID: <19981010220235.CDH29620@newmail.virgin.net@virgin.net>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

This is a genuine business proposition to help promote our services, its not MLM and has no payments required from you to work for us (I've never quite understood how they get away with that one!!!). If you are not interested in marketing our services but would like details about our Web site URL promotion services or bulk email lists (£15UK/$30US for 10,000,000) and software you can phone our 24hr answer phone on +44 01276 683561 or write to: ProPhoto UK, PO Box 447, Doman Road, Camberley, Surrey. GU15 3XD England. Enclose you name, address and/or fax number.

If you are interested in marketing our services please print out this email as it is quite long.

First I would like to take the opportunity to thank you for taking the time to read this email.  There are a lot of get rich quick schemes and MLM schemes on the Internet at the moment and this isn't on of them, you will not be required to make any payments and no outlay is required. In fact all of the information required to start today with no further correspondence is included in this email.  This is a genuine and therefore incredibly simple offer; I am an HTML programmer and have started a business writing simple but effective single page advertisements for businesses who are either not on the Internet or who would like further exposure. These pages have specific META tags (for those who do not know this is what search engines use to find pages) programmed in to maximise results in search engine searches for there particular area of business (or even Home Page).  As you can probably tell from this, my programming is far better than my marketing abilities so I am looking for people world wide to help me market this service.  You may be employed looking to make extra money or unemployed, you may be a student working through college or a mum with extra time when the kids are at school it doesn't matter, this offer is open to anyone who thinks they can make a go of it.

Anyone over the age of 18 can participate you do not need any experience and you do not need to be a computer expert, that's my job, your concern will be with the marketing and selling of the advertising space.  You need to be a self starter who can sell a service by whatever means you choose (except bulk email), the selling points and details are below and you will need to write your own sales piece for it in your countries language.  You can use mail shots to companies or telephone canvassing; you can do leaflet drops or do foot work from company to company. I personally favour fax shots as I am no good at face to face sales (Try a package called WinFax 9.0 from http://www.symantec.com it gives you a free 28 day trial) how you sell it is up to you.  

I have not mentioned money yet, the retail price for the service is £200 UK sterling or the equivalent in your currency, and the trade price (the amount you send on to us for each order) is £100 UK sterling or the equivalent in your own currency. You can discount from your commission, as much as you like (e.g. you may like to make it £199 or round it to an even figure in another currency) but you must not charge more than the full retail price.  All work is on a self-employed basis and you are responsible for any tax owed in your country on earnings.  Bulk emailing or charging over £200 UK sterling will result in your orders being refused from that point on.  So if you think you may like to give it a go lets get started. You must return the details at the bottom of this email to us to participate. 

1.You have a completely free hand, it's your business.
2.The first thing to do is familiarise you with the service and it's selling benefits. Work out the value of £100 and £200 UK sterling in your own currency so you know how much to charge and send.
3.You should write an advertisement sheet ideally no longer than one A4 sheet, this you will probably need even if you are doing face to face selling or newspaper advertisements to send out or leave with prospective clients.
4.Work out what method or methods you are going to use to market the services.
5. Go for it !!!
6.When you receive your orders, you should have payment made out to you, when you forward orders to us it's a good idea to send them as a package on a weekly basis rather than separately. The orders should be sent to us with payment for the equivalent of £100 UK sterling per order.  You keep the rest.
7.We will write the page and post it on the Internet and submit it to search engines and links pages. We will send a print out of the page to the customer with the web address. We will issue you with a receipt for money paid at the end of each month (you should issue receipts to your customers).

THE SERVICE, INFO AND SELLING POINTS

Your advertising sheet should have the company name (ProPhoto UK) at the top.
All advertisements must be in English.
The service is full page Internet advertising with life long placement and submission to over 1000 search engines and links pages.  

The customers write the advertisements for their business in exactly the same way as they would for a newspaper ad.  The advertisement can be up to 250 words. They should also give contact details such as telephone numbers, addresses, etc. The ad will have their company name in bold at the top followed by their ad in standard text with the contact details at the bottom.  If they have a web site a link to their site will be included with or will replace the contact details (we will require the web site URL).  The keywords from the ad will be put in the page META tags and submitted to the search engines and links pages. The page will be place on the Internet at no extra charge and will remain there for life.

SELLING POINTS.

1.Easy as writing a newspaper ad 
2.Visable to 100,000,000 people world-wide
3.For companies not on the Internet it is the perfect advertising opportunity with the realms of cyberspace without the expense of a web site.
4.META tags programmed into the page give it good ratings and are easy to find by search engines
5.Price includes submitting the advertisement page to 1000+ search engines and links pages
6.Price includes placing the page on the Internet 
7.Once put on the Internet the page stays there for life
8.Very good value service at only £200 (or equivalent) for lifetime advertising.

I'm sure you can think of more selling points but these should be enough

THE INFORMATION YOU NEED TO SEND US (in English) FOR US TO MAKE THE PAGE.
You should make a simple form for this that you can send to us.

1.Company name as they want it to appear on the page
2.Contact name
3.Company address including postal/zip code and country.
4.Phone number
5.Fax number
6.The text for the advertisement
7.The contact details they wish to use at the bottom of their page
8.A signature from the company representative to state that the details are correct.
9.The line of business they are in
10.If they have a web site, the web site URL
11.Your name, address, and telephone number in case there is a problem

And that's it done.
I hope you will participate and hope to hear from you soon. The address for orders or correspondence is:
ProPhoto UK, PO Box 447, Doman Road, Camberley, Surrey. GU15 3XD England
Payment for orders should be made by cheque payable to ProPhoto in your own currency. You should only send our part of the payment (£100 UK sterling or equivalent) and keep your commission.
If you have any queries or questions we can be reached on +44 01276 683561

To participate you must send us a letter containing your name address includind country and telephone number, it must contain the statement "In selling services for ProPhoto UK I agree not to use bulk email or bring the company into disrepute by using false statements to sell the services offered by ProPhoto UK. I am aware that a breach of these rules will result in me no longer being permitted to sell services for ProPhoto UK or use their company name and any current uncompleted business must be repaid in full to the customer and cancelled." This statement must be signed. Confermation of receipt of this letter will be sent to you with a sample of an advertisement for our services and a sample of an online customer advertisement. If you also include your currency we will send prices for your own country.

Sending this letter under no circumstances obligates you to undertake marketing of our service.  

If you wish to participate please print out this email and keep it for your records.

