

From fallit@bigship.or.jp Wed Mar 31 11:29:51 MET 1999
Received: from bigship.or.jp ([210.162.232.162] (may be forged))
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id LAA16698
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 31 Mar 1999 11:29:45 +0200 (METDST)
From: fallit@bigship.or.jp
Received: from ip-www.bigship.or.jp by bigship.or.jp (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id SAA19113; Wed, 31 Mar 1999 18:34:40 +0900
Date: Wed, 31 Mar 99 01:49:59 EST
To: sammy6128@msn.com
Subject: SNN News Release
Message-ID: <359DFE77.4AC9@erols.com>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

March 30, 1999
 
StockNetworking News 
 
SNN 
 
IF YOU ARE NOT A SUBSCRIBER AND RECEIVED THIS ISSUE OF 
SNN IN ERROR PLEASE SEE HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE BELOW. 
 

This is not a regular issue of SNN. We are enclosing a news 
release issued today by Wcollect.com . The next regular issue 
of SNN will be sent out in about two weeks. 
 
Remember to get ANY stock quote just go to: 
 
http://quote.yahoo.com 
 
and type in the stock symbol. 
 
WCOLLECT.COM CORP. NEWS RELEASE: 
  
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
 
SYMBOL: WCLT 
 
AUTHENTIC ENTERTAINMENT COLLECTIBLES AT AUCTION 
ONLINE! WCOLLECT.COM ANNOUNCES STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP DEAL 
TO PROVIDE CONSUMER SECURITY 
 
BEVERLY HILLS, CA, (March 30, 1999) - WCollect.com Stock 
Symbol: WCLT, the first, large scale, e-commerce site specializing 
exclusively in offering entertainment memorabilia and collectible 
art online, has recently begun shaking up the internet auction 
marketplace by joining forces with a wide range of highly regarded 
store owners, dealers and private collectors. 
 
Baby Jane of Hollywood was one of the first, among a number of 
highly reputable dealers, that recently signed on with WCollect.
com. By joining forces with collectible dealers like Baby Jane of 
Hollywood, WCollect.com is creating strategic partnerships within 
their website, offering collectors the opportunity to find unique 
and often sought after items with the added assurance that their 
purchases are authentic. 
 
According to Roy Windham, co-owner of Baby Jane of Hollywood, 
"the Internet is an arena that is overloaded with online auction 
sites, offering nothing more than giant flea markets with spaces 
for thousands of listings for everything from old comics to used 
watches!! You are never quite sure what you are actually buying! 
We provide a letter of authenticity as well as a 100% lifetime 
guarantee on each item that we sell. We saw the quality items 
that WCollect.com was providing at auction and were extremely 
impressed." It seemed a great match for us to be able to offer 
our authentic memorabilia through the online auction venue." 

Like other quality vendors and dealers, Baby Jane feels that 
WCollect.com's online auction site truly stands out from the 
other auction websites. This partnership with WCollect.com was 
recently cited in the April 2, 1999 issue of Entertainment Weekly, 
now on the newsstands, as an ultimate source for collectors. 
 
Companies such as Baby Jane of Hollywood have joined with WCollect.
com so they can take advantage of the highly successful online market-
place without having to create their own website, which are often 
highly expensive and require significant collateral marketing and 
advertising efforts. Partnering with WCollect.com also allows dealers 
to immediately and significantly increases their potential collector 
customer base. 
 
Stewart Irvine, CEO of WCollect.com states:
"There are dozens of auction sites that have recently embarked into 
the Internet arena. Companies such as EBAY, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY), 
UBID, Inc. (NASDAQ:UBID), Onsale, Inc. (NASDAQ:ONSL) and Yahoo!, 
Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) are attracting interest from consumers and 
investors alike and have seen significant increases in revenues and 
profits from this type of consumer medium. We at WCollect.com have 
taken this successful auction model to the next level. We are building 
high e-commerce value by offering a unique solution to consumers 
who are searching for authenticated art and memorabilia derived 
from the arenas of Entertainment, Music, and Sports. 
 
 
 
Wcollect.com 
 
For further information please contact Arne Carlson from the Investor
Relations Department at: 
 
Toll Free Phone: 1.877.608.1611 
 
Toll Free Fax: 1.800.331.4577 
 
To call from Europe toll free: 00.800.7895.7895 
 
E-Mail: investors@wcollect.com 
  
 
HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM SNN 
 
If you wish to unsubscribe from SNN, please send an empty e-mail with 
the word 'delete' in the subject line and send to: 
 
delete@netcom.ca 
 
If you have any problem unsubscribing please call us on our toll free
line: 1.800.366.1933 
  
 
Disclaimer - SNN or its owners may have a position in and/or be paid 
a fee by any of the companies it mentions. SNN is NOT a registered 
investment advisor. SNN advises its readers to always check companies 
themselves or with a registered advisor or stock broker before buying 
ANY stock. Most if not all of the companies SNN writes about are 
companies at the start-up stage and have little no operating history. 
This makes them a very high risk investment. Anyone who buys any of 
the stocks mentioned in the SNN letter could lose some or possibly 
all of their investment. 
 
Past performance of the stocks we have profiled does not reflect on
future performance of featured stocks in SNN. 
 
SNN copyright SNN 1999

