

From SLBOWLIN@aol.com Thu Apr 22 00:29:19 MET 1999
Received: from imo18.mx.aol.com (imo18.mx.aol.com [198.81.17.8])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id AAA20305
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Thu, 22 Apr 1999 00:29:17 +0200 (METDST)
From: SLBOWLIN@aol.com
Received: from SLBOWLIN@aol.com (14380)
	by imo18.mx.aol.com (IMOv20) id zJYNa13355;
	Wed, 21 Apr 1999 18:11:51 -0400 (EDT)
Message-ID: <29ab48b7.244fa726@aol.com>
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1999 18:11:50 EDT
Subject: WCLT News Release
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: AOL 3.0 for Windows 95 sub 18
Reply-To: SLBOWLIN@aol.com
To: undisclosed-recipients:;
Status: RO
X-Status: 


StockNetworking News
 
SNN
 
If you are not a subscriber and received this issue of SNN 
in error please see how to unsubscribe below.
 
We are enclosing the latest Wcollect.com (WCLT) News Release. 
 
April 21, 1999
 
News Release
Symbol:  WCLT
 
WCollect.com Announces Appointment of Andrew Zucker, Leading 
International Internet and Entertainment Law Expert
 
Business/High Tech Editors
 
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 21, 1999-- 
WCollect.com (OTC BB:WCLT), a dynamic new e-commerce 
site specializing in the exclusive offering of authenticated entertain-
ment collectibles, sports memorabilia and fine art, announces the 
appointment of Andrew Zucker as primary legal counsel for company 
operation, contractual agreements with intellectual property providers 
and content vendors.
 
The WCollect.com web site includes an Internet auction and gallery 
store which sells unique collectibles through exclusive partnerships with a 
wide range of highly regarded store owners, dealers and private 
collectors.
   
Mr. Zucker has over twelve years experience in the fields of Internet 
and entertainment law. He has formulated strategic joint venture 
relationships for computer software companies in the U.S. and Japan, 
leading the way in establishing proprietary online and Internet businesses, 
carrying out multiple agreements with companies such as the New York Times, 
the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, CNN, Amazon.com, UCLA 
Bookzone, GolfWeb, EarthWeb, Virtual Vineyard and BigBook.
   
One of the first attorneys in the United States to write about the many 
opportunities and unseen dangers which lay ahead in New Media, 
Zucker's editorial, which appeared in Billboard Magazine, established 
that the Hollywood community and not computer programmers should 
lead the way in the new field.
   
As the founder of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences, a non-
profit Hollywood organization designed to unite the computer and 
entertainment industries, Mr. Zucker built a membership of over 500 
affiliated companies and individuals. He has published books and 
promoted ongoing educational meetings to bridge the gap between 
Hollywood and Silicon Valley.
   
As managing partner in Lowy & Zucker LLP, his multimedia background 
has led him to represent many Internet developers and software publi-
shers including a major Japanese corporation. As its prime U.S. 
consultant, he served as the link to major U.S. online services, 
software licensors, cutting-edge designers, and hardware suppliers. 
He proposed and concluded agreements for hypertext links between 
this company and major U.S. newspapers, giving Japanese consumers 
easy access to international media. Mr. Zucker speaks Japanese 
fluently, and is familiar with Japanese business customs.
   
Mr. Zucker stated that, "I am pleased to be associated with WCollect
.com and to have seen this newly launched company recently receive 
recognition by Entertainment Weekly as a challenger to other online 
auction sites."
 
 
Contact:  Investor Relations for WCollect.com
 
          Arne Carlson Toll Free Phone:  1.877.608.1611
 

How to Unsubscribe from SNN
 
If you wish to unsubscribe to SNN please send an e-mail with the word 
'remove' in the subject line and again please make sure the address is
the original address this letter was sent to and send it to:
 
Marketdata@infoserve.net
 
Disclaimer - SNN or its owners may have a position in and/or be 
paid a fee by any of the companies it mentions.  SNN is NOT a 
registered investment advisor.  SNN advises its readers to always 
check companies themselves or with a registered advisor or stock 
broker before buying ANY stock.  Most if not all of the companies 
SNN writes about are companies at the start-up stage and have little 
no operating history.  This makes them a very high risk investment.  
Anyone who buys any of the stocks mentioned in the SNN letter could 
lose some or possibly all of their investment.
 
Past performance of the stocks we have profiled does not reflect on 
future performance of featured stocks in SNN.
 

SNN copyright SNN 1999
