

From hnsystems@mailcity.com Sat Apr 24 09:41:48 MET 1999
Received: from goose.prod.itd.earthlink.net (goose.prod.itd.earthlink.net [207.217.120.18])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id JAA21002
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Sat, 24 Apr 1999 09:41:47 +0200 (METDST)
From: hnsystems@mailcity.com
Received: from mailcity.net (1Cust5.tnt2.richmond.va.da.uu.net [153.35.138.5])
	by goose.prod.itd.earthlink.net (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id AAA09276;
	Sat, 24 Apr 1999 00:38:00 -0700 (PDT)
Date: Sat, 24 Apr 1999 00:38:00 -0700 (PDT)
Message-Id: <199904240738.AAA09276@goose.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Reply-To: hnsystems@mailcity.com
To: hnsystems@mailcity.com
Subject:   
Status: RO
X-Status: 

  

      This is not a gimmick or a scam.  The reason you are receiving this message is because you or someone you know refered you to our program.  If you wish to be removed from this advertiser's
future mailings, please reply with the subject "Remove" and you will automatically be block from
future mailings.

      My wife and I lost 140 LBS in just 4 1/2 months and have kept it off for over 1 1/2 years.
I went from a 36" to a 28" in jeans and  she went from a size 16 to a size 4 in just 4 1/2 months.
We lost our weight while still enjoying the foods that we normally ate without counting a calorie and with no exercise.  I wasn't tired or hungry.  My energy shot through the roof and my body
was turned into a major fat burning machine.  It's INCREDIBLE!!

       We are so excited that we wanted to share this with everyone.  We are the largest health, nutrition, and weight loss and  control company in the world today.  And the reason for our success
is because of our products.  Our products are totally natural which means there are no drugs, chemicals, or side effects (except for better health, incredible energy, and permanent weight loss)
and they're safe for everyone to use.  Even children and people on medications can use them.

                                             Is your weight keeping you from living your life?
                           Now You Can Live That Life With Our Weight Management Program!
                                              Picture yourself losing 15, 30, 75 pounds or more.
                                         Imagine yourself free from cravings and endless dieting.
                                                            Stop counting calories forever.

All Natural
No Drugs
No Exercise Required
Doctor Approved
No More Starvation - Eat Regular Meals, and Still Lose Weight
Have a Personal Guide to Help You Succeed
Don't Just Lose Weight - Get Healthy and Have All the Energy You Want

                                           6 Myths of Weight Loss That  Are Not True

Myth 1:  Once you've gained weight having a baby, you'll never lose it.
Truth: It is harder to lose weight once you've gained it in pregnancy, but you can lose it.

Myth 2: In order to lose weight, you must exercise
Truth: It is good for everybody to exercise, but with our program, you can still lose weight without exercising.

Myth 3: In order to lose weight, you have to give up the foods you love.
Truth: If you want to lose weight, the truth is that you really can't eat as much as you want to of all your favorite foods, but you can still eat them in moderation.

Myth 4: If you understand health & nutrition, you can lose weight.
Truth: It is always good to learn about health and nutrition, but sometimes, that knowledge is not enough to allow you to lose the weight you want to.  You must "apply" that knowledge to lose weight.

Myth 5: You can't go on a diet when you're nursing your baby.
Truth: You must be careful when you're dieting and nursing your baby, and you should never  use drugs or starvation diets.

Myth 6: Some plans will help you to lose weight, but you'll gain it right back.
Truth:  Of course, you can't go on a program, lose some weight, and then start eating tons of food and expect to keep your weight down.  

     Our program  is one that is easy to follow, and is not a starvation, mono-diet (eat only  grapefruit or sauerkraut) and it is not a drug-based plan, so you can keep  the pounds off.  Fill in the following questionnaire and send it back to my  address so I can tell you more about these great products.

                                                                  LETS GET STARTED

Congratulations on taking the next step to weight-loss and improved health, that you can feel and see in a very short time. If you're really ready to  lose weight for the last time, consider this your invitation to a better lifestyle. Please answer the following questions, so that we can better assist you with your weight loss needs. All information you provide is strictly confidential.

QUALIFY FOR A FREE WEIGHT LOSS SAMPLE!  TO QUALIFY YOU MUST COMPLETE THIS  FORM FULLY!

                                   HOW TO FILL IN & E-MAIL BACK THE QUESTIONAIRRE?
                                            1.  Highlight the whole questionairre
                                            2.  Click Reply.
                                            3.  Now you can see the questionairre on your return E-mail window.
                                            Start filling in the questionairre
                                            4.  When you've finished, click Send.

1. Please identify and describe yourself:

Name  
Age  
Sex    
Height    
Weight    

2. Please provide the following contact information:

Street address
Address
City                
State/Province        
Zip/Postal code   
Country                
Work Phone    
Home Phone    
FAX               
E-mail            

3. We are offering a free sample of our products to the first 100 people that respond with the following information?

Are you serious about losing your weight? If yes, then how much weight would you like to lose?

What have you tried before and how did it work for you? YOU MUST BE SPECIFIC TO QUALIFY?

What type of eater are you? (Nibbler, Sweet Tooth, Stress, Emotional, Binge)

Do you have any health concerns?

What is the particular reason you want to lose weight now?

DO YOU EAT?   WHAT DO YOU HAVE FOR?

Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner

DO YOU SNACK?   IF SO WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO INCLUDE SOFT DRINKS?

If you don't need to lose weight or gain weight or just get healthy then I am sorry to bother you.
Our mission is to take these products around the  world.  But if you would like more information or a FREE SAMPLE of our  products please fill out the enclosed attachment and forward it back to us.
Thank you for your cooperation and filling out the questionairre.

AGAIN HOW TO FILL IN & E-MAIL BACK THE QUESTIONAIRRE?
           1.  Highlight the whole questionairre
           2.  Click Reply.
           3.  Now you can see the questionairre on your return E-mail window.  Start filling in the            questionairre.
           4.  When you've finished, click Send.

