

From tmedia4@idmail.com Sat Apr 24 19:00:33 MET 1999
Received: from serv1.imm.dtu.dk (root@serv1.imm.dtu.dk [130.225.85.9])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id TAA25595
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Sat, 24 Apr 1999 19:00:32 +0200 (METDST)
From: tmedia4@idmail.com
Received: from elene.newnetworks.it (elene.newnetworks.it [195.223.50.5])
	by serv1.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_17135)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id TAA14626
	for <fn@imm.dtu.dk>; Sat, 24 Apr 1999 19:00:30 +0200 (METDST)
Received: from 195.223.50.5 (pool-209-138-129-60.atln.grid.net [209.138.129.60])
	by elene.newnetworks.it (8.8.7/8.8.7) with SMTP id SAA21147;
	Sat, 24 Apr 1999 18:57:26 +0200
Message-Id: <199904241657.SAA21147@elene.newnetworks.it>
Date: Sat, 24 Apr 99 12:45:17 EST
To: Asian@elene.newnetworks.it, Girl@elene.newnetworks.it
Subject: ADV: Announcement from Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report
Reply-To: tmedia4@idmail.com
Status: RO
X-Status: 

-------------------------------------------------------
Note: We mail to people whom we feel are interested in 
what we have to offer and do not allow anyone else to 
use our list. Once in a while we'll notify you of web 
sites, products, services and promotions that could be 
of special interest to you. We respect your right to 
privacy. If you do not wish to receive these notices and 
prefer never to hear from us, simply click on the link 
provided     mailto:tmedia4@idmail.com?subject=REMOVE
-------------------------------------------------------



      Asia's biggest business is YOUR business
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dear Agribusiness Professional:

Please excuse the intrusion. Our market research has 
identified you as somebody who might be interested in 
our unique service. If we are mistaken, please delete 
this message and accept our apologies for taking up your 
time.

However, if your organization supplies the Asia Pacific 
agribusiness markets, or if developments in these markets 
affect your business, then Asia Pacific Agribusiness 
Report is for you. 

Agribusiness -- the region's fastest-growing business by 
far -- is only going to get bigger as we enter the new 
millenium. Almost two-thirds of the world's population lives 
in the Asia-Pacific region. Feeding that steadily growing 
population is the biggest single challenge facing the region 
today. 

And that enormous challenge can give your company greater 
opportunities for bigger profits! 

Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report provides timely and 
relevant information about the most important agribusiness 
trends and developments -- information that you will need in 
your business decision-making. 

You will get official policy decisions in advance, industry 
situations, business intelligence, supply-and-demand forecasts, 
and much, much more. Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report tells you 
what you need to know about the biggest, fastest-growing and 
most important business sector in the world's most populous and 
dynamic region. 

It is the only publication of its kind in the market today.

Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report is the only publication that 
provides specialized but comprehensive coverage on the sector. 
Since its launch in 1988 it has gained a reputation and 
recognition as a prime source of information and analysis of 
Asia's biggest business sector.

Produced by Asia Letter Publishers, Asia-Pacific Agribusiness 
Report is part of a prestigious family of intelligence 
newsletters. Our flagship weekly publication, Asia Letter, is 
read in more than 70 countries and has been serving the need-to-
know requirements of business professionals for 36 years. 

Each month Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report's network of 
correspondents combs research papers and specialized publications, 
talks to researchers, academics, state officials, traders, 
farmers, fishers, food processors, wholesale and retail 
distributors, and other specialists, providing region-wide 
coverage which cannot be found anywhere else. Executives of
agribusiness firms involved in Asia, as well as researchers, 
academics, and other specialists who need to keep track of 
agricultural developments in the region will tell you the 
information they get from the Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report 
is simply invaluable. 

Its background commentaries, in-depth analysis, current -- and 
often advanced -- information give you an edge over your 
competitors. By knowing exactly what is going on throughout the 
region, and knowing what is going to happen next, you can plan 
more effectively and efficiently. 

Yes! You can now have that insider information that can affect 
your bottom line, and at a very reasonable price. At no risk 
whatsoever on your part! A one-year subscription to Asia-Pacific 
Agribusiness Report costs just US$265. For that you get 12 
information-packed issues delivered worldwide by airmail, telling 
you precisely what you need to know about the most important 
sector in the world's most dynamic region.

And here's an offer you cannot refuse! 

If you subscribe today, we will send you your first three issues 
FREE, giving you a total of 15 monthly issues for the price of 12. 

Enclose your payment with your order and we will also send you, 
absolutely FREE, an Asia Letter 1999 Executive Report on any three 
Asian countries of your choice. 

You can choose from 23 Executive Reports, each packed with the
latest economic, trade, investment, social and political 
information on a particular Asian country. These Reports normally 
sell for US$18 each, but you can choose any three absolutely FREE 
when you enclose your Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report subscription 
payment with your order.

We are so sure you will benefit from the Asia-Pacific Agribusiness 
Report that we offer you a money-back guarantee. We will refund 
the unused portion of your subscription any time if you are not 
satisfied -- and you still keep the three Executive Reports FREE. 

Here's how you can get this amazing package: To receive 15 issues 
of Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report for the price of 12, send 
your name, title, company and mailing address by email to 
mailto:sales@asialetter.com or by fax to our USA service desk at 
(1)708-570-7421.

Please mark your message with "Subscribe APAR". We will confirm 
your order and send you an invoice with your first issue.

To receive 15 issues of Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report for the 
price of 12, AND receive FREE 1999 Executive Reports on the three 
Asian countries of your choice, send a check for US$265, drawn 
on a US bank branch and payable to ASIA LETTER PUBLISHERS to: 
APAR Subscriptions, Asia Letter Publishers, GPO Box 10874, 
Hong Kong SAR, China. 

Please do not forget to include your name, company and mailing 
address, as well as tell us which three countries you have chosen 
for your free Executive Reports (see below for list). 

For alternative methods of payment, or to receive further 
information on Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report and other 
newsletters from Asia Letter Publishers, please email us.
mailto:sales@asialetter.com

The Asia Letter 1999 Executive Report Series has reports available 
for the following countries: Australia, Bangladesh, Brunei, Burma, 
China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, North 
Korea, Laos, Malaysia, Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Papua New 
Guinea, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, and 
Vietnam. 

Thank you for your time. We look forward to welcoming you to our 
growing family of subscribers. 

Nigel Armstrong 
Publisher
Asia-Pacific Agribusiness Report

