

From af@strato.net Wed Sep  8 04:08:28 MET 1999
Received: from hendrix.imm.dtu.dk (hendrix.imm.dtu.dk [192.38.71.100])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id EAA07820
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 8 Sep 1999 04:08:27 +0200 (METDST)
From: af@strato.net
Received: from ns1.anything.com (tc31-32.strato.net [207.30.242.236])
	by hendrix.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.1/8.9.1) with SMTP id EAA16304
	for <www@hendrix.imm.dtu.dk>; Wed, 8 Sep 1999 04:01:36 +0200 (METDST)
To: <www@hendrix.imm.dtu.dk>
Date: Tue, 7 Sep 1999 18:19:38
Message-Id: <475.432875.498372@ns1.anything.com>
Subject: YOUNGER LOOKING HANDS, Miracle Glove Skin Protectant
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: RO
X-Status: 

FREE TRIAL SIZE 

Smoother, softer, younger-looking hands are just a few treatments 
away. Now your hands can retain natural oils and moisture that 
are no longer washed away with soap and water. Used daily, 
Miracle Glove will allow damaged skin time to heal itself 
naturally. Your hands will becomes softer, smoother and 
younger-looking. 

If you are experiencing dry skin and hand creams don't seem to 
help, Give Miracle Glove a chance,you'll be glad you did. 

To order your free sample visit our web site at  

http://www.miracleglove.com

Thank you,

Helen Watts 

P.S. 

To remove your name from our list please send us an email with 
REMOVE in the SUBJECT line.  

What Others Had to Say About Miracle Glove

I love your product. The sample came at the perfect time, as I 
was getting
ready to put three new flower beds in my yard. I put some on in 
the morning
and again in the eve. My hands have never felt better--I have 
terribly dry
hands--I've tried every product out there and this is the first 
I've found
that lllllaaaaaassssssttttttsssss--through washings and after 
soaking in.
Thanks again.
Winnie

* 

I received your sample yesterday, and wanted to say thank you 
very much.
I love it, it makes my hands so smooth and soft, never seen 
anything
work like this product does.
thank you again.
S. Travers

* 

Hi, I tried your sample of Miracle Glove and I loved it. My skin 
was so soft 
throughout the day no matter what I did. It didn't have a smell 
or feel 
greasy. My skin soaked it in and never lost that protective 
feeling Miracle 
Glove gave it.
Thank you so much for letting me have a sample.. I really am 
thankful.

Sincerely,

Ms. P. Scott

* 

Dear Sirs: I received the sample of miracle glove and have used 
it. I work outside and the sun and wind take a toll on my hands 
and my arms. I have dry skin on my arms as well as my hands. I 
usually use Dove or an aloe vera enriched soap to bathe with, but 
I still have dry skin. I used the miracle glove on my arms as 
well as my hands, and am glad to report that it is the best 
product I have come across in some time. It is the best thing 
since sliced bread. Where can I buy it locally, since I do not 
yet trust buying on the net. If you can let me know of the type 
of stores that sell it, I would appreciate it. 
Thank you R. Holmes.

* 

I like your product. Where can it be purchased locally. I live in
the Allentown, Bethlehem, area of Penna. 
Mrs. P. Stollbrink

* 

I am very pleased with your product..working as a healthcare 
professional, I wash my hands frequently and was surprised by how 
smooth your product allowed my hands to remain.
Thanks!

* 

I received the order yesterday and am writing to thank you for 
your prompt service. My hands look and feel better already so I 
am very excited about Miracle Glove. You can bet I'll recommend 
it to friends so thanks for the extra samples.

Regards,

L. Hall

* 

I love the sample of Miracle Glove... I usually just get the 
lotion in the 
grocery store but I will be making a purchase of the Miracle 
Glove in the 
future.... it is truely wonderful!

Thanks for the sample...

J. Wysong
Mason, OH 45040

* 

WOW! 
I am one of those that have really dry skin. the kind that drys 
out and cracks so bad... Well I have been using your cream for 
about two days now, and it has not cured anything BUT it HAS made 
it so its easier to live with. My hands are getting softer and 
the skin is not cracking as bad. It says to use it twice a day, 
but I think if it works like this, For me once a day is going to 
be fine, In the evening. So when I wake up, my hands won't hurt 
as bad......I am going to share a TINY bit of my sample with my 
mom and sister, ( but not all of it) and I am sure that they will 
be as happy as I am. 
We are diabetics and have to be careful with what we use. 
I read labels...when I read yours, I did not see a whole list of 
JUNK, chemicals, and perfumes, to cover up stinky smells. 
This letter was just to tell you I like your product and plan on 
getting some on payday and letting my friends in on our secret. 
OH lastly and almost the most important thing to me, when I 
perspire the cream stays put, it doesn't wash away with the 
perspiration or get gummy like some more expensive creams 
do.....Im using it on more than just my hands. MY heels, joint 
areas, neck......I think its going to be good for my whole body. 
Nancy,  Redding Ca 

* 

I received my free sample of miracle glove the other day and I 
wanted to
thank you for a very fine product. It has made a big difference 
in the
look and feel of my hands in a short time.
I would like to purchase your product locally if you can let me 
know if
there are any dealers in my area. (Orange county, New York)
I never shop on the internet and believe in supporting my local 
people.
Thank you in advance
Holly Whipple

* 

Hi I tried a sample of your product and I think its great, could 
you
send me a price list of the hand creme
Thanks Joyce

* 

I would like to thank you for the sample of you product"Miracle 
Glove", and let you know how much I liked it. I work in an 
injection molding factory. My hands are subjected to a lot of 
grease,oil, and dusty dirt from the machines, and chemicals from 
the compound, and cleaning supplies we use. With the use of 
"Miracle Glove" for just one day, I could see how much softer, 
and cleaner my hands were. I was pleasantly suprised to find out 
it protected through several hand washings, since I have to wash 
them frequently. I have and will recomend "Miracle Glove" to 
others. 
Sincerly, 
Betty H 
Ohio





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
