

From mogalmatt@netzero.net Mon Nov  1 00:55:30 MET 1999
Received: from hawk.prod.itd.earthlink.net (hawk.prod.itd.earthlink.net [207.217.120.22])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_17135)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id AAA07062;
	Mon, 1 Nov 1999 00:55:28 +0100 (MET)
From: mogalmatt@netzero.net
Received: from netzero.net (sdn-ar-001varichP300.dialsprint.net [168.191.221.38])
	by hawk.prod.itd.earthlink.net (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id PAA16880;
	Sun, 31 Oct 1999 15:49:04 -0800 (PST)
Date: Sun, 31 Oct 1999 15:49:04 -0800 (PST)
Message-Id: <199910312349.PAA16880@hawk.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Reply-To: mogalmatt@netzero.net
To: mogalmatt@netzero.net
Subject: Re:  www/Internet
Status: RO
X-Status: 

     Due to improper sending procedures this message did not reach everyone.  Please take a moment and review it thoroughly before discarding this message.  The reason you are receiving this message is because we contacted several Colleges,  Universities, Government agencies, and asked them to allow us to help people that were seeking employment, extra income for bills and school loans, etc.  Whether you might be looking for just part time and or full time income or a work at home position with out having to change anything you are currently doing.  
     
     Everyone is excited about e-commerce. We recently opened our business in India and with that we are trying to help as many people start and generate foreign and local business in India as fast as possible.  As the Economy in India is tested, this opportunity right now is the fastest growing industry in India.  

     This is your opportunity to take advantage of the e-commerce that is literally changing the way the world does business.  The Work at Home Network will show you how you can work at home using your very own e-commerce storefront.   Hand is leading the reform that puts the personal back in "personal computing".  Our opportunity is the only business of its kind right now.   It's growing by leaps and bounds and you can be a part of it while you work at home.  The Work at Home Net
work with our company was reviewed and published Wall Street Journal, Business Week, Home PC, Forbes, Success, and Money, just to name a few.

     You can work at home and use the Internet to run your business.   You can market our high demand consumable products that are geared and driven by the needs of over eighty- percent of the world's population.  Our products sell them selves, so there is no selling or need for out right sales techniques.  Also because they are high demand consumable products, return business, on going business, and referral business is generated.   
                            
     It's time you take advantage of the Internet craze. We are the company with a complete 
start to finish proven "Work From Home" Internet Marketing Program. We are offering you a 
simple easy method where you can make money working for yourself, over the Internet, from the comfort of your own home. You can be your own boss, set your own hours as well as set your 
own income level. This is what we do and if you are interested in his type of lifestyle for yourself 
and your family, what you are reading right now will show you how.

     It is important for you to know this is not a "get-rich-quick" scheme. Our business works.  It requires a real commitment and a bit of effort on your part.  

     Read on and you too can learn how to make an extra $1,500 to $7,000 a month, working around your current job and your family's schedule. It's up to you. Thousands of people are doing this business successfully and so can you. We will work with you every step of the way and instruct you on how you can create a lifestyle you have always dreamed of.

     By working at home, you reduce overhead, set your own schedule, be your own boss, and achieve your own goals.  Be an entrepreneur, WORK AT HOME!

     The Market Opportunity is colossal. Over 1/2 of American homes have a computer, and e-commerce sales are increase month on month.  America is looking for a better way to buy our products and now with this opportunity you can.  The Work at Home Network a brand of e-commerce that is enabled and energized. The five top industries in the world are Medical - Health  - Nutrition, Computer, Personal Care, Communication and the Burial Businesses due to the Baby Boomers.  The Work at Home Network put them all into a package except for the Barrial Business.  Our industries are guaranteed to be the fastest growing industries for the next 18 years and each year sales have doubled almost tripled.  

     If your country is listed here, you are eligible to start doing business immediately.

(Argentina, Greece, Poland, Australia, Hong Kong, Russia, Austria, Indonesia, Portugal, Belgium, Israel, South Africa, Botswana, Italy, Spain, Brazil, Jamaica, Swaziland, Canada, Japan, Sweden, Chili, Korea, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Lesotho, Taiwan, Denmark, Mexico, Thailand, Dominican Republic, Namibia, Turkey, Finland, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, France, New Zealand, United States, Germany, Norway, Venezuela, Philippines, India, and China)  

     However, if your country is not listed here, it does not mean we won't be there very soon. Because our company is expanding into several countries a year, yours could be the next one to become available. This is an optimal position to be in, one that you will definitely want to take advantage of. Due to the fact that countries can "open" only once in our industry, if you are one of the first to receive this valuable information and one of the first to start softening your mar
ket, you will belong to an exclusive group of wealthy leaders. Our experience in 45 countries confirms this fact. 

     So, if you are tired of worrying about money and tired of choosing what you can live without,
come join the thousands of us working from home, setting our own schedules, making a fortune and living out our dreams. We invite you to explore how the "Work From Home" Internet Program capitalizes on today's advancements in technology to help you build a successful home-based business.    

    Have you noticed the surge of people looking to start home-based businesses?  Did you know that 32 million households now have home-based businesses and that number grows every day? Have you asked yourself, "Why?" Why are so many people, including yourself, interested in working from home? Our parents never searched for a business to operate from home nor did their friends. So, why now and why is it suddenly so popular?

    Americans are "cocooning". We want to spend less time on the busy freeways commuting, and in over-crowded shopping malls and replace that with spending more time at home with our families where it is warm and safe. Apparently, we trust society less and want to protect ourselves and our families from the "cruel" outside world. This is the wave of the future and we are beginning to realize with the advancement in technology, we do not need to be in an office environment in order
 to access the marketplace and make money. 

    In today's world, the quickest way to build a home-based business is to take advantage of the Internet craze that has hit the United States and is quickly spreading around the world. Like how the Gutenberg Press radically changed the communication world in 16th Century Europe, the Internet is revolutionizing how we communicate, distribute information and the manner in how and where we spend our money. It has been said that those who pursue electronic commerce (business over th
e Internet) have the opportunity to build an explosive business.

    While a conventional business can cost thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars to set up and run successfully, an Internet business costs dramatically less and has the potential to attract international business for just a fraction of what the traditional company would spend. On average,
         
    30% of all U.S. web traffic is already international and 5% to 20% of all web sales originate from outside the United States. Everyday, these percentages are radically  increasing. Consumers world-wide are spending 6.6 billion U.S. dollars a year in transactions over the Internet.

    The awareness level and need for users, buyers, advertisers and merchants to get onto the Web, and to set-up shop, has dramatically changed even from one year ago.  This medium of doing business is skyrocketing, and we are reaping the benefits, daily.

    If you combine the Internet craze with people's desire to work from home and set their own schedule, you have a powerful team, and here is why. Many people have heard of SOHO, and no, we don't mean that hip section of New York City, rather the S.O.H.O. which refers to "Small Office/Home Office." One of today's biggest explosions in the economy. The home-based business has been born out of necessity. In an era where large corporations can only think of downsizing, what are your options? There is no security in Corporate America any more!  Not only are tens 
of thousands of workers and managers being downsized out of their companies, but also thousands of men and women are tired of the corporate "rat race" and want to retreat to a home-based business.

    If you decide to "stick it out" in Corporate America, your choices could boil down to
finding a lucrative niche in the small business world, standing in line at the unemployment office, or accepting a cut in pay and benefits. We were all raised to give 9 hours work for 8 hours pay, and we are not backing away from that. Today's large companies have no loyalty to the employees. Their only loyalty is to the bottom line. And the bottom line is exactly where most of us are when it's time t
o cut back. Your life is suddenly turned upside down because you have no control over your future. Someone who has no idea of the quality of your work or the extra time you gave the company without requesting overtime makes these decisions behind closed doors. They don't know about your family's life: they don't understand that you just put braces on your child's teeth and now have to pay for them. These "decision makers" job is to be impersonal and unbiased in all areas except for
 the company's "best interests." In other words: TO THEM, YOU REALLY DON'T MATTER
