

From nrgestock@alltheplanet.com Mon Jan 17 09:22:14 MET 2000
Received: from serv1.imm.dtu.dk (root@serv1.imm.dtu.dk [130.225.85.9])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.3 (PHNE_18979)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id JAA14536;
	Mon, 17 Jan 2000 09:22:14 +0100 (MET)
From: nrgestock@alltheplanet.com
Received: from www.alltheplanet.com (PPPa46-ResaleDenver8001-1R1010.saturn.bbn.com [4.16.20.57])
	by serv1.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.3 (PHNE_18979)/8.9.3) with SMTP id JAA19634;
	Mon, 17 Jan 2000 09:23:19 +0100 (MET)
Subject: ADV: Stock Market Research 2000 January Profile
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 01:09:50
Message-Id: <177.355331.729956@www.alltheplanet.com>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

Hello and welcome to the Stock Market Research 2000 Newsletter.  If you no longer 
wish to receive this free newsletter, please visit http://63.87.81.232/remove.html

Stock Market Research 2000 January Profile

NuElectric Corporation - Trading Symbol OTCBB: NRGE
Shares Outstanding:  3.8 Mil
Est. Shares in Float:  400 K
Long Term Debt:         None
Recent Stock Price:    $0.94
52 Week Price Range: 3/8 - 2

For more information, please visit http://63.87.81.232 or call toll free 
888-323-0856.

Did you know that the EPA is about to dramitcally lower the arsenic count in 
water? You may say, "well how in the world does this apply to me?" Well it does.  
Almost everything that you deal with has some link to water in some way shape or 
form. Refining water will become more expensive and the products that you buy that 
depend on water will become more costly. Imagine a company that will be able to 
remove the necessary amounts of arsenic at a fraction of the cost that other 
companies charge.

NuElectric is a company that will do just that. A lady by the name of Dagmar 
Bonnin, developed an innovative, versatile, and less expensive process while 
working as a professor at the University of South Florida. Her technology will 
easily reduce the contamination to a much lower level specified by the government, 
thereby helping to maintain safe water supplies at an affordable price.

Trace quantities of arsenic occur naturally in surface and groundwater supplies in 
many areas of the country; particularly in the Midwest. But that's not the major 
problem. Arsenic has many industrial uses, such as hardening of copper and lead 
alloys, pigmentation in paints and fireworks, and the manufacture of glass, cloth, 
and electrical semiconductors. In the past, it was also used in the production of 
agricultural pesticides including herbicides and insecticides, and in desiccants, 
wood preservatives, and feed additives. The runoff from these uses as well as the 
leaching of arsenic from waste generated by them has caused increased levels of 
soluble arsenic in the nation's water supplies.

Modified Zeolite Minerals

Dr. Bonnin's process of removing the arsenic uses modified Zeolite minerals, which 
are common, readily available alumina-silicate minerals. The modification involves 
exposing the zeolites to concentrated ferrous aqueous solutions to form an 
iron-laden Zeolite mineral, thereby increasing the zeolite's affinity for arsenic. 
When contact is made between contaminated water and the zeolites, the zeolites act 
as sorbents, chemically bonding with the arsenic, and are then removed. The 
minerals can be used in a column as a filter, or they can be prepared in powdered 
form and used in an existing water treatment plant.

Advantages over Other Processes

 - Bonnin's process is superior to existing methods in several ways.
 - The Zeolite process removes both forms of arsenate and arsenite.
 - No need for the additional steps and expenses of oxidation.
 - No expense for disposal.

When compared to other specific methods, Bonnin's process has a variety of 
advantages. For example, activated alumina is used in one such method, but in 
order to make it economically feasible, reconditioning of the sorbent for 
subsequent reuse is necessary. This process itself creates a hazardous solution 
that requires further treatment and, ultimately, the expense of disposal. 
Activated carbon and flyash can also be used, but activated carbon has a limited 
natural capacity for arsenic species and is expensive. In the case of flyash, a 
waste product produced in large quantities at coal power stations, the properties 
of any given batch of flyash depend on the particular fuel in use. As a result, 
quality control and the flyash's capacity for arsenic species are difficult to 
maintain. Also, because flyash is produced only in a powdered form, it has limited 
application in column separation.

One of the key advantages of Bonnin's method is related to both cost and safety. 
Because the zeolites are inexpensive, they do not have to be reused to make the 
process economically viable and because the arsenicladen zeolites that are the end 
product have passed the EPA's Toxicity Characteristic Leaching Procedure Test, 
they can be simply and safely disposed of in a non-hazardous waste landfill.

In summation, when looking at the alternatives, you realize that Dr. Bonnin has 
come up with the most realistic solution. NuElectric is positioning itself to 
accommodate the water industry’s needs. NRGE has also identified other potential 
technology acquisitions for the future.

Once again please visit http://63.87.81.232 or call toll free 888-323-0856.

****** DISCLAIMER ******
This material is being provided by Stock Market Research 2000, an electronic 
newsletter paid by the issuer for publishing the information contained in this 
report. Euro Media, Inc. has paid a consideration of 25,000 free trading shares of 
common stock of NuElectric Corporation to Stock Market Research 2000 as payment 
for the publication of the information contained in this report. Stock Market 
Research 2000 and its affiliates have agreed not to sell the common stock received 
as payment for its services until January 19, 2000, which date is 15 days from the 
initial dissemination of this report. After such date, Stock Market Research 2000 
may sell such shares. Because Stock Market Research 2000 is paid for its services, 
there is an inherent conflict of interest in Stock Market Research 2000's 
statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered 
independent. The information contained in this publication is for informational 
purposes only, and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any security. Please be advised that NuElectric Corporation is not 
offering securities for sale to persons in California or Minnesota. Stock Market 
Research 2000 makes no representation or warrant relating to the validity of the 
facts presented nor does Stock Market Research 2000 represent or warrant that all 
material facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above. All 
statements of opinions are those of Stock Market Research 2000. Stock Market 
Research 2000 relies exclusively on information gathered from public filings on 
featured companies, as well as, in certain circumstances, interviews conducted by 
Stock Market Research 2000 of management of featured companies. Investors should 
not rely solely on the information contained in this publication. Rather, 
investors should use the information contained in this publication as a starting 
point for conducting additional research on the featured companies in order to 
allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding the featured 
companies. Factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the 
date stated and they are subject to change without notice. Stock Market Research 
2000 is not a registered investment adviser, broker or a dealer. Investment in the 
companies reviewed is speculative and extremely high-risk and may result in the 
loss of some or all of any investment made in NuElectric Corporation. Projections 
of future financial results are provided solely by NuElectric Corporation. No 
assurances are given that NuElectric Corporation will achieve said projections. 
This publication contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and 
uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth 
in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent the 
judgment of NuElectric Corporation as of the date of this publication. The Company 
disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
 
 
 
 
 
 
