

From owner-bscw-users@mail2.gmd.de  Fri Oct 30 23:17:17 1998
Received: from mail2.gmd.de (omega.gmd.de [129.26.8.84])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6/8.8.6) with SMTP id XAA04399
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Fri, 30 Oct 1998 23:17:12 +0100 (MET)
Received: by mail2.gmd.de id AA15478
  (5.67b8/IDA-1.5 for bscw-users-out); Fri, 30 Oct 1998 22:28:01 +0100
Received: from mail.gmd.de (postix) by mail2.gmd.de with SMTP id AA15863
  (5.67b8/IDA-1.5 for <bscw-users@omega.gmd.de>); Fri, 30 Oct 1998 22:27:59 +0100
Received: from gwcsv ([210.164.88.164])
	by mail.gmd.de (8.8.8/8.8.8) with SMTP id WAA18366;
	Fri, 30 Oct 1998 22:25:10 +0100 (MET)
From: return31@yahoo.com
Received: from 210.164.88.164 by gwcsv via SMTP (950413.SGI.8.6.12/940406.SGI)
	 id GAA04461; Sat, 31 Oct 1998 06:08:10 +0900
Date: Fri, 30 Oct 98 13:37:59 EST
To: shawn555@msn.com
Subject: Market Timing
Message-Id: <359DFE77.4AC9@erols.com>
Reply-To: jonny@worldnet.att.net
Sender: owner-bscw-users@mail2.gmd.de
Precedence: bulk
Status: RO
X-Status: 

October 29, 1998

Market Timing 

Table of Contents  

1.     Market Commentary
2.     USDI  - a player in the IRIDIUM Satellite project
3.     NLAB update
4.     Departments


1.     MARKET COMMENTARY

As predicted in our last issue the US equity markets have 
stabilized and begun to head higher again.

Asian markets have had a nice rebound and some currencies 
have begun to strengthen against the US dollar.  Hong Kong 
continues to show some weakness, but these problems can 
probably be traced back to the actions of the Chinese 
government in Beijing.

During the last week European markets have also begun to 
move higher once again.  Against this backdrop and more 
importantly to our subscribers, there is a groundswell 
of interest and commentary developing in and about the 
"small cap" sector of the market.  The Russell 2000 small 
cap index has moved from a low of 303.87 in the first week 
of October/98 to close on October 23/98 at 367.05.  This 
is an increase of over 17% in 2 weeks.

We believe the market is entering a phase where interest 
will begin to increase in this long neglected sector of 
the market.  There are excellent investment grade and 
speculative opportunities in this area, which have long 
been overlooked by the institutional money managers with 
their fixation on the Dow 30 stocks.  The DOW is now 
beginning to look, if not a little tired, at least fully 
valued.  The fund managers are now going to have to go 
to work and find new areas in which to deploy their 
client's money.

Leverage is a bad word on Wall Street these days and without 
leverage these managers are stuck with relatively low returns 
in the bond and money markets (under 5% on 30 year US treasury 
bills). It is our feeling this will result in more money flowing 
into the smaller cap sector of the market - and remember - with 
the huge amount of money now in mutual funds and the market in 
general, it only  takes a relatively small reallocation of assets 
by market participants, to have a substantial impact on the 
price of these smaller company's shares.


2.     US DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS INC.  (USDI)

We are profiling a new company in this issue of MT:  
US Digital Communications Inc.

Symbol:  USDI     Trades:  OTC  BB

USDI is a proxy for one of the biggest events in the 
evolution of wirelesses communications the IRIDIUM 
Global Communications System.   USDI in conjunction 
with its subsidiaries SKYSITE (http://www.skysite.com), 
INSAT and PROJECT 77 (http://www.project77.com), is a 
supplier of both the Motorola and Kyocera telephones 
and pagers and a resellers of air time for the IRIDIUM 
network.  As such, expect to see their revenues and 
profits grow in lock step with the growth of the overall 
satellite network.

The IRIDIUM satellite phone system consists of 66 low-level 
satellites, which completely cover every point of the planet.  
This $5 billion dollar investment allows any point or 
individual on earth to access telephone, data transfer 
or paging service.

The 19 members of this consortium, which has been 
spearheaded by Motorola, include some of the largest 
telecom companies in the world, as well as a number of 
very large Middle Eastern,  Asian and South American 
private investment companies.  The financial commitment 
is very large and IRIDIUM (http://www.iridium.com) will 
go into service November 1, 1998.  The "start" date for 
IRIDIUM service is one of the reasons that we are bringing 
this company to your attention now.

As you can see if you look at a chart of the stock  
(http://www.bigcharts.com) the USDI's share price peaked 
at $7.00 in early July of this year, in what we believe 
was anticipation of the original service commencement date 
of September 23, 1998.  When it became obvious this date 
was going to be pushed back to November 1, momentum was 
lost by the stock.  It then bottomed out on October 8 at 
$2.30. In the last week it has moved back to close on Friday 
(Oct 23) at $3.93 up 7/8s of a point or 28.5% for the day 
on 366,200 shares traded! See the October 23 USDI News 
Release at:

http://biz.yahoo.com/prnews/981023/dc_fcc_us__1.html   

The IRIDIUM name will be on a lot of peoples "radar" 
screens soon as a $100 million public relations, marketing 
and advertising program will help launch this service.

This is definitely a "timing" and "momentum" play and 
there is no doubt that the very wealthy and smart companies 
and individuals that are part of the IRIDIUM consortium are 
going to work hard to make this THE wireless network of 
the future.

Given the momentum that is building in the stock, USDI 
could easily see its old high of $7.00 between now and 
shortly after startup of the IRIDIUM service in the next 
week.  Depending on a stable market and some positive news,
which we fully expect, and given the sophistication of the 
underwriters and companies behind the IRIDIUM project, USDI 
prices above $10 are quite possible over the next 90 days.  


4.     NUONCOLOGY LABS UPDATE

NuOncology Labs Inc. (NLAB  -  OTC BB) continues to make 
progress on its business plan and have announced the opening 
of their new offices, predictive oncology testing and 
research building in Houston TX.  (See October 15th News 
Release at: http://biz.yahoo.com/n/n/nlab.html).  This new 
facility is capable of performing testing to the rate of 
1000 comprehensive predictive profiles per month.  
 
MT heard NuOncology is planning a road show in Europe 
that will include NLAB management starting early in 
November. These "show and tell" meetings are  intended 
to attract additional funding, market sponsorship as 
well as institutional and broker interest for NLAB.  
We expect soon after this trip there will be further 
word on the Arglabin/FTI issue by way of publication 
of their research in a recognized medical journal.  
In addition there will be more results coming on the 
second large sample of patients who have been undergoing 
treatment for various types of cancer with Arglabin.

The share price has fallen on relatively small volume and 
somewhat tracks the skittish market we have had for the last 
2 months.  It would not be inconceivable that this market 
rebounds right back to the $6.50 range in a day or two of 
trading  - especially if there is some further news on the 
use of Arglabin as a successful cancer therapy.

REMEMBER this is not a theoretical concept NLAB is working 
on  - people ARE BEING TREATED with ARGLABIN today and their 
CANCERS ARE IN REMISSIOIN.   This company has the potential 
to be a  $500 million - $1 Billion cap company and we believe 
you will begin to see some recognition of this in the 
marketplace BEFORE THE END OF NOVEMBER.   For a current 
quote on NLAB please go to:

http://quote.yahoo.com/q?s=nlab&d=d1


DEPARTMENTS

A.    Stock Quotes
B.    How to Unsubscribe to MT
C.    Disclaimer


A.   STOCK QUOTES

For stock quotes on any company please go to:

http://www.bigchart.com


B.   HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE TO MT

Please note, as per your request you are a subscriber 
to MT.  If at any time you wish to unsubscribe please 
put 'unsubscribe' in the subject of your e-mail and return to:

newsletter@premiumservice.com


MT respects your privacy and will NEVER release your e-mail 
address to a third party for any reason.


D.  DISCLAIMER:

By being a subscriber you are acknowledging you have read 
and fully understand our disclaimer below.

MarketTiming (hereafter called MarketTiming) is an 
independent electronic publication devoted to providing 
information and factual analysis on selected companies 
that in the opinion of MarketTiming have investment 
potential. Companies featured by MarketTiming may have 
paid MarketTiming or their affiliates the editor or the 
editor's affiliates family or agents for the dissemination 
of company information through MarketTiming. MarketTiming 
and/or its affiliates or principals may have been paid in 
cash, stock or stock options to disseminate information 
about the companies it has featured. These payments may 
have been acquired prior to the dissemination of information 
on any particular company featured by MarketTiming and stock 
positions held by MarketTiming employees, affiliates or 
principals may increase or decrease at any time. Such 
compensation received by MarketTiming or any of its employees, 
the editor or any affiliates should be viewed by readers as 
a potential conflict of interest. The principals of 
MarketTiming or its affiliates may have from time to time 
had business dealings with, or hold a substantial stock 
position in any of the companies featured. Principals, 
family or affiliates of MarketTiming may also buy hold or 
sell securities (long or short) in the companies mentioned 
at any time prior to or after a particular company has been 
featured by MarketTiming. Our purpose is to locate and 
research equity investments in micro or small capitalization 
companies that in our opinion has the potential for long-term 
appreciation. Investing in any stock must be considered 
risky, however investing in the companies MarketTiming reviews 
must be considered to be high risk and use of the information 
provided is at the investor's sole risk. Purchase of such 
high-risk securities may result in loss of some or all of 
the investor's original investment. All statements and 
expressions are the opinion of MarketTiming and/or its 
principals and affiliates and are not meant to be a 
solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell, or hold 
securities. MarketTiming is not a registered investment
advisor or broker dealer. The information MarketTiming 
basis its reports on are generally provided by the 
company being featured or may come from sources and/or 
interviews conducted by MarketTiming. While every effort 
is made to provide true and meaningful information no 
guarantee is made by MarketTiming as to the accuracy 
of the information provided. Investors should not rely 
solely on the information contained in MarketTiming 
reports to make an investment decision. They should 
consult a registered broker or financial advisor before 
purchasing any stock. Investors should consider the 
information provided by MarketTiming a starting point 
for doing additional independent research on any of the 
featured companies. Companies featured are often at 
very early stages of development and can therefore be 
subject to business failure, which could result in the 
investor losing all his or her investment. Statements 
of fact in the MarketTiming reports are made as of the 
date stated and are subject to change without notice. 
Recipients of MarketTiming reports must assume that 
there has been a change in the affairs of companies 
profiled, from the date of the report - to the time 
it may be seen by them. Recipients should independently 
ascertain from their own investment advisors or the 
company being profiled the current accuracy of any 
statements, which may influence their investment decisions. 
Investing in micro-cap securities is highly speculative 
and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is 
possible that an investor's investment may be lost 
or impaired due to the speculative nature of the 
companies profiled by MarketTiming. By subscribing to 
MarketTiming all subscribers acknowledge they have read 
and fully understand the above disclaimer.



end

