

From clr45@youpy.com Thu Jun 24 18:41:36 MET 1999
Received: from mail.go2c.com (mail.go2c.com [204.236.24.71])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id SAA02440
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Thu, 24 Jun 1999 18:41:32 +0200 (METDST)
From: clr45@youpy.com
Received: from 204.236.24.71 [207.201.65.64] by mail.go2c.com
  (SMTPD32-4.03) id AE18191A00EE; Thu, 24 Jun 1999 09:34:32 PDT
Date: Sun, 06 Jan 80 13:56:55 EST
To: daryl@mindspring.com
Subject: SNN Update
Message-ID: <48835011521343818@quikak.verus.com>
Status: RO
X-Status: 

June 23, 1999

 
SNN #17

If you are not a subscriber and received this issue of SNN 
in error please see how to unsubscribe below. 
 

This will be the last SNN newsletter under the present format.

In the near future SNN will begin to appear on a bi-weekly 
basis with an emphasis on the best of online investment 
advice that can be gathered from the Internet and other 
independent sources.  The emphasis will be on small to 
medium cap Issues that trade on the NASDAQ and Bulletin 
Board markets. The research bias will be towards technology 
and Internet related companies. 

Please look for our new format in July and let us know what 
you think!
 
In this edition we would like to follow up on a company that 
we first wrote about in February of 1999, WCollect.com - Symbol 
WCLT - OTC BB.

WCollect.com is positioning itself to become the world's 
largest and most trusted art and collectibles Gallery and 
Auction Company.

It turns out that we were too far "out in front" on this 
particular company and due to a number factors the stock 
has traded between $5.25 and $1.06 over the last 4 1/2 
months.

The primary problem the company has been working on is the 
upgrade of their site to a "carrier class" site which has 
all the capacity to handle 100's of thousands of items online 
at one time.

The launch of this site is scheduled for July 18, 1999; a date 
confirmed to us by company management as recently as yesterday 
June 22, 1999. This site will put WCollect.com in the same 
league as Ebay and the other high profile auction sites, 
from a technical perspective.

More important in our mind, has been the work WCollect.com has 
carried out in the area of securing content for their site. 

Many of the present sites are little more than glorified garage 
sales, with items from "beanie babies" to car engines being 
offered for sale. This turns these sites into classified 
advertising pages, with no real ability to differentiate 
themselves from each other.

WCollect.com has signed up over 150 artists and the owners of 
over $50 million of sports and entertainment collectibles, to 
be exclusive providers of content to WCollect.com

SNN feels that having higher quality products to offer will: 

1.) Differentiate the WCollect.com site, and
2.) Give the company the opportunity to have much higher margins 
    on the product that they sell.

WCollect.com has also been very successful in developing joint 
venture and strategic relationships with high profile entertainment 
companies such as King World and their "Roseanne Show" and with 
the Grammy awards. 

SNN understands that there may soon be an announcement in 
regard to a foreign affiliation for WCollect.com whereby one of the 
largest software companies in Asia will initially provide the 
company with access to over 15 million Internet subscribers. 

This will eventually result in WCollect.com having a fully 
functioning, local language, auction site operating on a joint 
venture basis. This fully translated site will be adapted to 
local culture and tastes, in regard to the product offerings 
and will be a first for any US based company in the online 
auction business.

In addition, SNN has learned that WCollect.com will be announcing 
a deal with the White House 200th Anniversary Celebration on 
Thursday, June 24, 1999. According to our sources, WCollect.com 
will become the exclusive web site and online marketer for a 
whole series of products and collectibles that will mark this 
event. The new site with its cross-links into WCollect's gallery 
and auction sites will be operational on July 2, 1999, at  
www.wh200th.org

This pact, with an organization of this integrity, must reflect 
positively on WCollect.com and should greatly increase their 
credibility in the investment community. Additionally, the 
publicity this site will receive over the coming year will 
drive a huge number of "eyeballs" to the "White House site" 
and they will, in turn, be cross-linked to the www.Wcollect.com 
site. 

 
WCollect.com is now starting to become the type of company we 
originally envisaged when we saw their business plan 5 months ago.

They have met all of their stated goals and objectives and the 
roll out of the carrier class site in July will be like a re-
launch of the company.

They have worked very hard at developing quality product/content 
for the site and that alone will differentiate this business 
from the many other companies trying to emulate Ebay.

The interesting thing about WCollect's emphasis on content is 
we believe this makes them an attractive take-over target. 
SNN's understanding of the earlier unconsummated take-over 
offer was that the potential acquiring company did not have 
its "ducks-in-a-row" and had too many other issues to deal 
with to devote the time necessary to complete this deal in 
a timely fashion. What we were told though, was that it took 
them only a matter of 2 short meetings to decide they wanted 
to try and buy WCollect.com

It would not surprise SNN if a high quality e commerce company, 
with a desire to get into the "auction" arena, wouldn't find 
acquiring WCollect.com a lot better entry point than trying 
to start such a company from scratch. 

The stock has bounced from $1.25 in the last 2 days to as high 
as $2.06 and is presently trading in the $1.80 range. We do see 
a lot of opportunity for upside here - from what we can tell most 
of the stock was bought between $3.50 and $4.50 earlier this 
year, and at present, is probably a safe buy up to the $3.00 
range. 

With the launch of the new expanded and more robust carrier class 
site in mid-July anything could happen, who knows... maybe another 
Ebay, only time will tell.

 
Good Luck and Smart Investing for the summer and keep an eye out 
for our new format next month.



How to Unsubscribe from SNN 

If you wish to unsubscribe to SNN please send an e-mail with the 
word 'remove' in the subject line and again please make sure the 
address is the original address this letter was sent to and send 
it to: 

Triple222@n2mail.com

 
 

Disclaimer - SNN or its owners may have a position in and/or be 
paid a fee by any of the companies it mentions. SNN is NOT a 
registered investment advisor. SNN advises its readers to always 
check companies themselves or with a registered advisor or stock 
broker before buying ANY stock. Most if not all of the companies 
SNN writes about are companies at the start-up stage and have little 
no operating history. This makes them a very high risk investment. 
Anyone who buys any of the stocks mentioned in the SNN letter could 
lose some or possibly all of their investment. 

Past performance of the stocks we have profiled does not reflect on 
future performance of featured stocks in SNN. 

 
SNN copyright SNN 1999

