

From biz@home.op Mon Jul 26 10:13:33 MET 1999
Received: from server (kin-on1-84.netcom.ca [207.181.96.84])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_14041)/8.8.6) with SMTP id KAA11234
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Mon, 26 Jul 1999 10:13:25 +0200 (METDST)
From: biz@home.op
Message-Id: <199907260813.KAA11234@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>
To: <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>
Subject: Market Our Software and PROFIT!!!
Date: Mon, 26 Jul 1999 00:41:46
Status: RO
X-Status: 


Earn instant gobs of cash in the most unusual and quite possibly
The Most Generous Distributor Program in the market today.


We Will Fulfill & Ship
(Direct To Your Customers)
Up To 2,500 SOFTWARE ORDERS
At ZERO ($0.00) Price To You.

This Means You Can Market Our Software
For $99 Each, And Make Up To
($99 X 2,500 =) $247,500
Without Having To Pay A Penny For Our Software.



Become a distributor for our complete line of Money-Making Software, and we will fulfill all the 
orders you can get - At No Cost To You!

	When people order any of our Software from you, they'll pay you the full retail price of 
$99 plus $16 shipping & handling.

* Out of the $99 selling price, you keep $99.
* The only portion that goes to us is the $16 shipping & handling fee.


We Fulfill All The Orders!

When you get an order, all you have to do is send us the Name & Address where you want us to ship 
the Software (CD & Guide) being ordered.

We will process, pack and ship all orders direct to your customers.  This means you don't have to 
mess around with fulfillment.  No products to put in boxes.   No licking stamps.  No trips to the 
Post Office... We do all the work for you!

We will fulfill and ship up to 2,500 Software orders at Zero ($0) Price to you.  This means that 
you can make up to ($99 X 2,500 =) $247,500 without having to pay a penny for our Software.




	





After your first 2,500 software orders, we will fulfill and ship additional orders for only Five 
Dollars ($5) each - software and shipping included. 

Free Automatic Enrollment

Simply order the new Infodisk ProPlus and you will be automatically enrolled in our Distributor 
Program - At No Extra Charge To You.

Included with your Software CD-ROM & Marketing Guide, you will receive our complete set of 
marketing materials which you can use to market Infodisk ProPlus to others.

As a distributor...
* You'll be able to market Infodisk ProPlus using customizable marketing materials that come with 
your CD-ROM.

* You'll be able to order Infodisk ProPlus as well as our other Software titles by paying only 
the applicable Shipping & Handling Fee.

* You'll keep 100% of your selling price as your Profit.

continue...










Complete Marketing Tools

The following marketing tools are designed to help you market our software titles via print 
advertising, by direct mail, by fax, and via the Internet.  You will receive the following 
materials, included with your CD-ROM.

Distributor Benefit #1

You'll receive print-ready materials for a Direct-Mail Campaign which you can customize for your 
own use.  The contents and design of the mailing pieces that you're going to receive are based on 
this very same direct mail campaign we use to market our software titles.

Distributor Benefit #2

Receive camera-ready full-page Display and text-only Classified ads which you can use to 
advertise your business in newspapers and magazines.

Distributor Benefit #3

Receive sales-pulling Fax-On-Demand material which you can customize and send to prospective 
customers.  We'll also show you how to place your material on a fax-on-demand system to make your 
sales information automatically available to anyone (with a fax machine) anywhere in the world.

Distributor Benefit #4

Your Very Own
DISTRIBUTOR WEBSITE!

In addition to all the marketing tools listed above, you will also receive (free of charge) your 
very own Order-Taking Website where Internet users can order the Infodisk ProPlus right on the 
Web.

* Accept Orders Online
Your website works as a point-of-sale and order-taking service rolled into one.  It educates your 
customers about Infodisk ProPlus and its benefits.

	It is designed to answer questions about the software and to solicit INSTANT orders from 
the customers - without having to require additional information, or needing to speak with 
anyone.  It has everything your customers need to just go ahead and order!!!

* Accept Credit Cards
Customers who order through your website can pay with Visa, Mastercard, American Express, or 
Discover card.  This ability to take credit cards is absolutely critical to helping increase 
sales.
 






* 100% Secured Transactions
Your website will be equipped to handle 100% SECURED credit card transactions.  Your customers 
will not have to worry about their information being seen by outside parties.

* Your Own Website Name
Your website will be custom-programmed to use the Name you want.  Here's your opportunity to be 
creative.  Keep in mind that a good Website Name will attract attention, generate interest, and 
is easy to remember.  (P.S. Names are reserved on a first come, first serve basis.  So, make sure 
you reserve your name right away.)

* Online Check Payments
Your website will automatically be designed to accept personal and business checks from your 
customers.  People who don't have credit cards (or do not want to use their credit cards) can 
order Infodisk online.  By increasing your "payment options", you can enhance your profits!




Whether An Order Comes From
The Mail, Fax, Phone, Email or Web...
You Keep 100%
Of All Sales!

* WHEN A CUSTOMER SENDS THEIR ORDER DIRECTLY TO YOU...

Simply send us the customer's name & address along with the $16 shipping & handling fee.  We'll 
ship the Infodisk ProPlus direct to your customer.  You keep the $99 as your profit.

* WHEN A CUSTOMER PLACES AN ORDER THROUGH YOUR WEBSITE...

We will ship the Infodisk ProPlus direct to your customer, keep the $16 shipping & handling fee, 
and send you a $99 commission check within 30 days after the order is processed.


Just ONE Order Pays Back
Your Entire Investment!

Your first $99 order pays back the price you paid for your Infodisk ProPlus!  Not only that!  
Your website is programmed to receive orders 24 hours a day - so you can be making money day-in, 
day-out, even while you sleep.







It's True That Our
Software Distributor Program
Is Extremely Generous And Profitable.
However, The Real Question Is...

What Is Infodisk?
And Why Do People Buy It?

Infodisk is an information marketing system that features a complete "Library" of  Royalty-Free 
Reports, Guides, Reviews, Books, Articles, and Software products that can be reproduced and 
resold in digital or in printed form.
	The newest edition, Infodisk ProPlus, contains over 1,000 Money Making Reports that can 
produce up to 25 3-Ring Binders of printed reports.  Many reports are 4 to 10 pages long, and can 
be copied and sold for $2 to $15 each.

Infodisk ProPlus also contains over $400 worth of Free Software and Internet Tools, which 
includes Checks-By-Fax, Web Spider Search Engine Submission software, Netscape Communicator, PAOD 
Catalog Maker, Advertising Web Writer, Virtual Office Marketing software, Etc.
	Infodisk ProPlus comes with a Reproduction & Marketing License that allows you to copy 
and distribute the reports and software contained in your Infodisk  ProPlus CD.

Many Infodisk owners are in the "information marketing" or "self-publishing" business.  They make 
money reproducing our reports on floppy disks, selling the reports individually, or republishing 
them into how-to booklets, newsletters, etc.

Infodisk ProPlus has an extensive collection of reports and caters to every single type of 
business out there - mail order, direct sales, MLM, retail shops, consultants, service companies, 
etc.
	It contains current, practical information that is needed by every entrepreneur and small 
business owner.  This is why customers are usually SOLD on Infodisk the very first time they see 
your advertising or visit your Website.


Your Customers Become
Distributors, Too!

ANOTHER REASON people will be more than glad to pay you $99 for an Infodisk ProPlus is because 
.. they automatically become Infodisk Distributors, too.  Anyone who orders Infodisk ProPlus 
(from you) also gets FREE automatic enrollment in our Software Distributor Program.







Aside from getting a copy of Infodisk ProPlus, your customers will also receive their own set of 
marketing tools and their own Infodisk Website.  They can market Infodisk ProPlus to others, 
charge $99, and keep the entire $99 as their profit.




Infodisk Is Not Only An
Extraordinary Product,
It Also Has An Extraordinary
Marketing Program
Already Built-in To It.

In a society hungry for information, the best commodity to market is "information".  

	For the past 5 years, Infodisk has helped thousands of distributors worldwide, providing 
them with money-making information products that are, being marketed both on the Internet and 
other traditional direct-marketing means.

Infodisk ProPlus is an exceptional products, with a huge market, and great demand.  By using our 
proven marketing system, you can really make a small fortune as an Infodisk Distributor.  All you 
have to do is put it in motion!












P.S. Please take note that this Distributor Program gives you a direct link to the company that 
actually publishes the Infodisk ProPlus.  This means you'll be able to market other software 
titles (as they become available) and keep 100% of the selling price as your Profit.

P.P.S. Order Infodisk ProPlus through this special offer and also receive a FREE copy of our 
exclusive Directory of Media Email Addresses.  This directory contains email addresses of 
newspapers where you can send your Press Releases online and free of charge.

P.P.P.S.  Reserve your website name immediately!  Make sure the name you want is still available. 
 Website names are reserved on a first come, first served basis.




 
 
 
 
 
