

From thchris@china.com Mon Oct 25 15:38:47 MET 1999
Received: from emu.prod.itd.earthlink.net (emu.prod.itd.earthlink.net [207.217.121.31])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.8.6 (PHNE_17135)/8.8.6) with ESMTP id PAA00198;
	Mon, 25 Oct 1999 15:38:24 +0200 (METDST)
From: thchris@china.com
Received: from earthlink.net (sdn-ar-001varichP295.dialsprint.net [168.191.221.33])
	by emu.prod.itd.earthlink.net (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id GAA10882;
	Mon, 25 Oct 1999 06:34:00 -0700 (PDT)
Date: Mon, 25 Oct 1999 06:34:00 -0700 (PDT)
Message-Id: <199910251334.GAA10882@emu.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Reply-To: thchris@china.com
To: thchris@china.com
Subject: Re: FYI
Status: RO
X-Status: 

      The reason you are receiving this message is because we contacted several Colleges, Universities, Government agencies, and asked them to allow us to help people that were seeking employment, extra income for bills and school loans.  Or just part time and or full time work at home opportunities with out having to change anything you are currently doing.  Everyone is excited about e-commerce. We recently opened our business in India and with that we are trying to help as many people start and generate foreign and local business in India as fast as possible.  As the Economy in India is tested, this opportunity right now is the fastest growing industry in India.  

     This is your opportunity to take advantage of the e-commerce that is literally changing the way the world does business.  The Work at Home Network will show you how you can work at home using your very own e-commerce storefront.   Hand is leading the reform that puts the personal back in "personal computing".  Our opportunity is the only business of its kind right now.   It's growing by leaps and bounds and you can be a part of it while you work at home.  The Work at Home Network with our company was reviewed and published Wall Street Journal, Business Week, Home PC, Forbes, Success, and Money, just to name a few.

     You can work at home and use the Internet to run your business.   You can market our high demand consumable products that are geared and driven by the needs of over eighty- percent of the world's population.  Our products sell them selves, so there is no selling or need for out right sales techniques.  Also because they are high demand consumable products, return business, on going business, and referral business is generated.   
                            
     By working at home, you reduce overhead, set your own schedule, be your own boss, and achieve your own goals.  Be an entrepreneur, WORK AT HOME!

     The Market Opportunity is colossal. Over 1/2 of American homes have a computer, and e-commerce sales are increase month on month.  America is looking for a better way to buy our products and now with this opportunity you can.  The Work at Home Network a brand of e-commerce that is enabled and energized. The five top industries in the world are Medical - Health  - Nutrition, Computer, Personal Care, Communication and the Barrial Businesses due to the Baby Boomers.  The Work at Home Network put them all into a package except for the Barrial Business.  Our industries are guaranteed to be the fastest growing industries for the next 18 years and each year sales have doubled almost tripled. 

If your country is listed here, you are eligible to start doing business immediately.

(Argentina, Greece, Poland, Australia, Hong Kong, Russia, Austria, Indonesia, Portugal, Belgium, Israel, South Africa, Botswana, Italy, Spain, Brazil, Jamaica, Swaziland, Canada, Japan, Sweden, Chili, Korea, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Lesotho, Taiwan, Denmark, Mexico, Thailand, Dominican Republic, Namibia, Turkey, Finland, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, France, New Zealand, United States, Germany, Norway, Venezuela, Philippines, India, and China)  

     However, if your country is not listed here, it does not mean we won't be there very soon. Because our company is expanding into several countries a year, yours could be the next one to become available. This is an optimal position to be in, one that you will definitely want to take advantage of. Due to the fact that countries can "open" only once in our industry, if you are one of the first to receive this valuable information and one of the first to start softening your market, you will belong to an exclusive group of wealthy leaders. Our experience in 45 countries confirms this fact. 

     One of the strongest aspects of our business is the on-going training that is offered. We have International Training's on an ongoing basis in most major cities. Weekly conference calls are also available, as well as satellite television training programs, monthly magazine's and quarterly journals. Our company does over 1.5 billion US Dollars in business annually and you too can be a part of this growth. 

     Maybe some of you have tried other businesses and failed. We welcome you with open
arms. Here you will find success because we give you the blueprint to follow and support you need to develop your own profitable home-based business. All we ask of you is to be coachable and be willing to learn. We have no need for tire-kickers or window shoppers.  Please do not request our "decision package" if you are not serious about changing the course in your life right now. By ordering your "decision package", you will receive all you need to get yourself moving towards financial independence.

     So, if you are tired of worrying about money and tired of choosing what you can live without,
come join the thousands of us working from home, setting our own schedules, making a fortune and living out our dreams. We invite you to explore how the "Work From Home" Internet Program capitalizes on today's advancements in technology to help you build a successful home-based business.    

     Have you noticed the surge of people looking to start home-based businesses?  Did you know that 32 million households now have home-based businesses and that number grows every day? Have you asked yourself, "Why?" Why are so many people, including yourself, interested in working from home? Our parents never searched for a business to operate from home nor did their friends. So, why now and why is it suddenly so popular?

     Americans are "cocooning". We want to spend less time on the busy freeways commuting, and in over-crowded shopping malls and replace that with spending more time at home with our families where it is warm and safe. Apparently, we trust society less and want to protect ourselves and our families from the "cruel" outside world. This is the wave of the future and we are beginning to realize with the advancement in technology, we do not need to be in an office environment in order to access the marketplace and make money. 

     In today's world, the quickest way to build a home-based business is to take advantage of the Internet craze that has hit the United States and is quickly spreading around the world. Like how the Gutenberg Press radically changed the communication world in 16th Century Europe, the Internet is revolutionizing how we communicate, distribute information and the manner in how and where we spend our money. It has been said that those who pursue electronic commerce (business over the Internet) have the opportunity to build an explosive business.

     While a conventional business can cost thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars to set up and run successfully, an Internet business costs dramatically less and has the potential to attract international business for just a fraction of what the traditional company would spend. On average,
         
     30% of all U.S. web traffic is already international and 5% to 20% of all web sales originate from outside the United States. Everyday, these percentages are radically increasing. Consumers worldwide are spending 6.6 billion U.S. dollars a year in transactions over the Internet.

     The awareness level and need for users, buyers, advertisers and merchants to get onto the Web, and to set-up shop, has dramatically changed even from one year ago.  This medium of doing business is skyrocketing, and we are reaping the benefits, daily.

     If you combine the Internet craze with people's desire to work from home and set their own schedule, you have a powerful team, and here is why. Many people have heard of SOHO, and no, we don't mean that hip section of New York City, rather the S.O.H.O. which refers to "Small Office/Home Office." One of today's biggest explosions in the economy. The home-based business has been born out of necessity. In an era where large corporations can only think of downsizing, what are your options? There is no security in Corporate America any more!  Not only are tens of thousands of workers and managers being downsized out of their companies, but also thousands of men and women are tired of the corporate "rat race" and want to retreat to a home-based business.

     If you decide to "stick it out" in Corporate America or the Corporate World, your choices could boil down to finding a lucrative niche in the small business world, standing in line at the unemployment office, or accepting a cut in pay and benefits. We were all raised to give 9 hours work for 8 hours pay, and we are not backing away from that. Today's large companies have no loyalty to the employees. Their only loyalty is to the bottom line. And the bottom line is exactly where most of us are when it's time to cut back. Your life is suddenly turned upside down because you have no control over your future. These decisions are made behind closed doors by someone who has no idea of the quality of your work or the extra time you gave the company without requesting overtime. They don't know about your family's life: they don't understand that you just put braces on your child's teeth and now have to pay for them. These "decision makers" job is to be impersonal and unbiased in a!
ll areas except for the company's "best interests." In other words: TO THEM, YOU REALLY DON'T MATTER.

     The Great American Dream is gone. Official U.S. government reports indicate that more than 3.5 million jobs have been eliminated in the past 10 years - including over 2000 jobs per day last year alone - and an estimated 55% of all jobs created in the next 10 years will be near minimum wage in stores, restaurants, and bars. 90% of all the people in North America earn less than $40,000 a year and today's two-income family are not living as well as their parents did.

       So what is the alternative to the to the Great American Job? Richard Poe, former senior editor for "Success Magazine," describes in his recent book that a shift in thinking has resulted in over 14 million people working from home full-time, and another 13 million part-time. This number is increasing by almost 600,000 per year.  And the average work from home income is $50,250 per year, about twice the average income of wage earners working for someone else. By the end of the decade over 44% of us will be working from home.

       Home based business wage earner's success rate is over 85% compared with small businesses like retail shops and restaurants, at about 95% failure rate after 5 years. Couple that with the flexibility we have to change our schedules and set our hours and then those of us who are parents are now available when our children need us, plus we no longer have the need for the "foster homes" we call day cares, where the care-givers get to see all the "firsts" your child performs. There's no wonder the number of people looking to work from home has skyrocketed.

       This "New Era" of financial growth is largely due to the latest technologies that are now available to those who desire to work from home. Imagine what it would be like to run an international operation if you so choose, right from the comfort of your own home. Well, this is exactly what we offer! We offer a "freedom" that is available through a constant flow of income that does not depend on the whims of a boss, bonuses or the economy.

       Take a look at some of these statistics:

                  At age 50: 

                   75% of the population has less than $5,000 in the bank for retirement. 

                  At age 65:

                   45% of Americans depend on relatives 
                   30% depend on charities. 
                   23% are still working (most can't afford to quit and work until they are no
                   longer physically capable). 
                   Only 2% are self-sustaining. 

                  At the present time: 

       It is impossible to support a family of two working full time at minimum wage! 
For the first time in history, the current generation is averaging a lower standard of living then their parents!  Automation is taking layoffs to record highs! 

                  The Bureau of Labor Statistics says... ... 

       Out of 100 people that start working at the age of 25, by the age of 65... -
1 is wealthy - 4 have enough money to retire - 63 depend on social security or charity - 29 are deceased 95% of people, age 65 and over can not afford to retire and work until they die!!
                   
                                        What Happened to Safety & Security? 
                           Why we no longer put our trust & faith in "Big Business"


       In J. Paul Getty's book "How To Get Rich", his first rule for success is, "You must be in business for yourself. You will never get rich working for someone else." This partly explains why someone starts a new home-based business in the United States every 10 seconds. In the past 14 years alone, the numbers of home-based businesses have grown from 6 million to 32 million with no slow - down in sight. In fact, an estimated 8,493 new home businesses open every day.

       The United States is now driven by an information and service economy. Over the past decade, Fortune 500 companies have laid off 4.4 million workers while smaller companies steadily continue to reduce their work forces.

       As companies continue to downsize and re-organize, many professionals will
seek out and search for new ways to take control of their careers. Many of these individuals have forsworn traditional "nine to five" office jobs and are making their homes pay off in more ways than one.

       For the entrepreneur, home-based businesses have become the bridge between
work- crazed big cities and easy- paced family-oriented small towns. Link Resources Corp. reports that market research shows more than 29 million people run either full-time or part-time businesses from their homes. People used to believe that their livelihood depended on living in big cities near big corporations. That is no longer true, thanks to personal computers, increased phone services, fax
machines, and the Internet, it is no longer necessary to live in close proximity to "Big Business". You can now operate that "Big Business" right from your home office.

       Within the last five to seven years, technology has been brought to an affordable
level so that almost everyone has an equal playing field in the work-from-home industry.

       Check out these Statistics:

                11% of the US market is now on the Internet 
                250,000 new people get Internet access each week. 
                While approximately 27% of the US adult population, or 53 million US citizens'
                currently use the Internet, according to the fall 1998 Cyber Status reports from
                Mediamark Research Inc. This is an increase of 23% from the prior quarter,
                and this study only counts people who have used the Internet in the last 30 days.
                Ziff-Davis's Technology User Profile reported that there are 60 million PC's
                connected to the Internet in the US, but home PC's still represent the lion's
                share of the market, with 28 million consumers hooked up to the Internet. 
                They predict that up to $32 billion US dollars will change hands from business
                transactions online by year 2000. 

       Most people are ready to do some sort of business online, they just don't know where to start. This is why we are so successful. We link-up our marketing techniques with something people need, and most of all, something people want. If you add strong work ethics, a powerful support system, along with personal business coaching, you can't help but be successful. We provide not only the vehicle that puts you on the road to success, but we also provide the road map.

       All you have to do is be teachable, have the desire for a better life and be willing to change what you're doing now. 

                86% of home-based business owners are happier running their own
                business versus working for someone else. 
                84% recommend working from home to others. 
                84% plan to still be running their own business in five years. 
                20% of home entrepreneurs reported that their businesses grossed between
                $100,000 and $500,000 last year. 
                14% paid themselves annual salaries of $50,000 to $250,000. 
                29% work at home with other family members. 
                60% think their businesses are doing as well or better than they
                expected. 
                76% expect their home-based business revenues to grow this year. 

       Your search for the ideal work environment and for the ideal vehicle to wealth is
over. You will be able to work more flexible hours while increasing your productivity, not to mention drastically cutting your commute time, and increasing your most precious commodity-quality of life. 

       We have developed one of the most exciting, technologically advanced home-based businesses that will take you through the new millennium. 

       We don't expect you to come to us with tremendous business knowledge or a successful track record. We have already figured out how to make this work; all you need to do is copy what we're already doing. 

      Since you've gotten this far, we know you are serious about working from home.  Your next step will help you make some changes and learn some new skills.  So, let's go!

     As you know, this is not a lay-on-the-couch, get-rich-quick scheme. This is a REAL business and a real opportunity- one that has drawn so much interest from people that we had to put this screening process in place to help us determine who to work with. Our company has been in business for 20 years, is publicly held and traded on the NASDAQ. It is important that you realize that we can help you build a powerful and profitable business.

     We have an explosive, start to finish, proven Internet Marketing system.  And we are offering you this simple easy method where you can make money working for yourself, over the Internet, from the comfort of your home or office. You can earn $1,000 to $7,000 per month working around your current job and your family's schedule. Our system works regardless of your background or computer knowledge. We provide the system, experience and hands on training. The only thing that we can not give you, but is required is that you have the desire, and that you are teachable. We know that you have some level of desire because you got this far. Are you teachable?

     What I we need to know is if you are ready to get started with your own business, then we can get you licensed, and registered.  Then we get you started with your own e-commerce business.  

STEP 1.  You must call our toll free "International Internet Business hotline and listen to some of the members of our team talk about the success of their new home based businesses.  EVEN IF YOU ARE CALLING THIS NUMBER FROM AN INTERNATIONAL COUTRY, I URGE YOU TO CALL RIGHT NOW.  This is part of our job-to introduce you to many others who took a step of faith (like you're ready to), and whose lives have changed because of it. 

     This call is for everyone.  I.E. former Military Service Members, Executive Professionals and Laborers
Doctors and Nurses 1-800-708-RICH Enter Access Code: 6688

     This10-minute calls is a 24-hour toll free for all that are in the United States; however if you are International I urge you to dial this number now and listen to this short message and take some notes. 

CAUTION! This Access Code expires on
Thursday November 5, 1999
(So call right now!)
**********************************************
IMPORTANT!
DO NOT PROCEED TO STEP 2
UNTIL YOU HAVE LISTENED
TO THE CALL MENTIONED IN STEP 1
**********************************************

     If you are unsure and need more information, we have put together a "How to do business over the Internet" decision package that will help you determine whether our business is for you or not.  This step is only for individuals who have the desire to control their own future and who want to work from their homes and earn the kind of income that will give you the life you deserve. This decision package contains approximately three hours of information about our explosive Internet business and it also begins your training. You will receive a manual that explains how, why and what we are doing, a video where you'll meet us and see exactly how our business works and an audiotape to further help you with your decision. Your package also contains the name and telephone number of your personal coach who will be working with you on a daily basis, helping you make money in your first week. In other words, you will receive all of the information you will need to make a decision to !
determine if this is for you. 

     After you request your "International Decision Package", and go through all the materials, we will call you and your personal training program will begin. At that point, we will also be happy to locate the nearest training to you, which are available in numerous translations. We have training being conducted in over 27 different languages worldwide!  This package acts only as a way for you to review information about our business and begins your training without risk.  

     This step eliminates the people who are not serious and allows us to work with those of you who are. Please recognize the importance of this step. We simply do not have the time to spend with people who are merely curious, which is why we designed this package to provide you with all of the information you will need to make a decision and determine if this is for you. If we spent our time answering e-mail requests for additional information, we'd not only be duplicating the effort we put into developing the decision package, but we'd also be taking valuable time away from running our business and training new people. Once you start working with us, we're sure you will appreciate our spending time training you instead of responding to curious e-mails all day long.

     Since we don't spend countless hours answering the tireless questions of the curiosity-seekers, you benefit, because it frees us up in order to dedicate ourselves to your success. When we spend time with you, we know we are working with someone who, like us, is committed to a better lifestyle. 

What is Your Future Worth?

     Decide for yourself and for your family what it is you want and by when you want to achieve it. Only you can determine how dedicated you are to achieving your dreams.  Hopefully, you won't find yourself relying on your friends and family for direction and salvation. They can not provide that for you - only you can do that. You need to make a decision to either give this a shot or to continue down the path you're on. Most likely, if you have read this far, you have already made the decision to make some healthy changes in your life. When we were looking at this "Work From Home" Opportunity for the first time, just like you, we were nervous and thought that maybe this wouldn't work. Like you, we doubted we could really achieve our dreams. We went for it any way and now we are making incredible incomes, working from home, and for most of us- it's a dream come true. We don't have a boss to answer to or a clock to punch.
 
     Remember though, we didn't start off full-time. For most of us we did this part-time until our part-time incomes surpassed our full-time incomes. We don't recommend you quit your present job until you have at least doubled your present income.   Another item that might be hanging in the back of your mind is the fear that you will have to invest thousands of dollars. So let me put that to rest right now. You don't need to dig up thousands of dollars to get started with us. Right now, all you need to
do is get your "Decision Package" so you can get started today. 

                                                Why give up your dreams?

     We know you are the kind of person we are looking to work with, because you have given up this much of your time to read about us. You have already displayed exactly what one needs in order to be successful in our business- that high degree of curiosity coupled with an intense desire to succeed.    All you need to do now is take action. Take action by ordering your "Decision Package" and we'll be there to help you through your questions and then to work with you to build your own "Work From Home" Internet Business. But please don't request more information unless you are committed to improving your life. If you are ready to learn and you are serious about achieving a brighter future and a better life, then we are committed to you. We are ready to give you the same step-by-step plan we used to build our fortune. There will be no surprises. We know exactly what to do and how to coach others be successful within the same system. Our Program works. It's already happening for !
hundreds of people. Why not you? Right now, take the next step, and get started on your way to a brighter lifestyle. 

 STEP 2: To get started or request your decision package please call our international 24 hour order hotline at 1888-385-1756 once you get the voice mail please dial #610 for international callers and #611 for United States, Canada, and Mexico callers.  Or you may also send your order to us today by replying to this message.

     We are willing to train you and work with you, as others have done with us, to help secure your financial future. But, remember, we only work with those that truly have the desire and ambitions to work-we don't have time to work with couch potatoes! Successful people do what unsuccessful people won't.

      So develop a sense of urgency and give your desires value! Procrastination is the biggest killer of success and you can now break that cycle! REMEMBER, for things to change, you have to change and for things to get better, you have to get better. Order your materials today, and when they arrive, review everything thoroughly BEFORE calling your personal coach.

      Remember the importance of following directions- we are looking for people who are teachable and willing to work. We're very excited about our future and we know you will be, too!! Until we speak personally, thank you and have a great day!  

P.S. If after reading this, you still feel you need "more information" before you choose to order a "Decision Package", then kindly reply to this message and we will keep you apprized of new developments in our "Work From Home" Internet Program.  Please do not e-mail a request for "more information" as our time is needed to process orders and we will be unable to reply to mere inquiries.

 Again please follow STEP 2: To get started or request your decision package please call our international 24 hour order hotline at 1888-385-1756 once you get the voice mail please dial #610 for international callers and #611 for United States, Canada, and Mexico callers.  Or you may also send your order to us today by replying to this message.

















     All subscriptions are gathered links on the sites above.  We also have subscribers who have added through SmartBotPro, DEMC, eZine, e-Target, Your-Biz, IMR, Global and other eZines.
*****************************************************
All subscriptions are on file at InstantPC, Boston, and Harvard University.


