

From info@wizard.org Sun Jan 16 12:25:39 MET 2000
Received: from c008.sfo.cp.net (c008-h017.c008.sfo.cp.net [209.228.14.206])
	by eivind.imm.dtu.dk (8.9.3 (PHNE_18979)/8.8.6) with SMTP id MAA10907
	for <fnielsen@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>; Sun, 16 Jan 2000 12:25:38 +0100 (MET)
Date: Sun, 16 Jan 2000 12:25:38 +0100 (MET)
From: info@wizard.org
Message-Id: <200001161125.MAA10907@eivind.imm.dtu.dk>
Received: (cpmta 6057 invoked from network); 16 Jan 2000 03:26:12 -0800
Received: from nas-8-15.dc.navinet.net (HELO mail.surfree.com) (216.67.8.15)
  by smtp.surfree.com with SMTP; 16 Jan 2000 03:26:12 -0800
X-Sent: 16 Jan 2000 11:26:12 GMT
Reply-To: info@wizard.org
To: info@wizard.org
Subject: Have a Great New Year! 
Status: RO
X-Status: 

Dear Reader, 

The book you are about to read is the exact text that I first read 5 years ago. It came unsolicited in my mailbox.  I was very skeptical but there was a sincerity to the words I read so I decided to look into it further. I had been looking for an opportunity to make a change in my life. My reason "why" was because 8 years ago my wife and I had a second child who was born with serious heart defect. 

Sloane was 8 months old when she died in my arms October 28, 1991. It changed my life and the lives of my wife and son forever. I learned a hard lesson in that all the money in the world is meaningless if you don't have your health, family and spiritual connection in place.

The CEO of the computer software company I worked for at the time called me 2 weeks after the loss of my child and told me I was being relocated to Houston, TX on a job promotion. I had to be there in 10 days! When I turned the promotion down because my wife and I needed to stay put and continue on with our grief counseling, I was told that I was being disloyal to him and the company. I realized then that if you don't own your own company, you don't have control over your financial security.

5 years ago I acted upon what you are about to review. My wife and I now enjoy a six-figure income which is growing while we work from home around our family's schedule.

The following text is from  the original document I first received. Please read it in it's entirety and, if it's the right Time To Make a  Change, please take it seriously.  Thank God I did or my life would be totally different today!  Whatever you decide, here's wishing you and your family a happy, healthy,and prosperous New Year!

#################################################################

Dear Reader,

Hi, I want to talk to you today about how you can make money working from home. The book you have before you will describe how I got started working from home and how I made hundreds of thousands of dollars doing this in the last three years!

You can start off either part-time or full-time as I help you to achieve your goals of extra spending money to help with the bills or guide you to complete financial independence with a new home, cars, clothes, exotic vacations and added precious time with your family.

I know what you're probably thinking. Is this another scam? Another rip-off. I don't blame you for feeling this way. When I was struggling to find a better way I was "taken" on all kinds of programs that either didn't work or just were not what they said they were. This happened to me literally dozens of times, but I never gave up searching. Thank God, because if I had, I would still be in the same dead-end rut I was before.

I realized the only sure way to fail in life is not to try, to give up, to believe it's impossible. Therefore, I saw that if I wanted to succeed, I had to keep searching and trying to the best of my ability, because the alternative, dear reader, is certain failure.

If you listen real hard, you can actually hear the sound of some people throwing this little book in their trash can and going about their life as its always been. My heart goes out to them. They gave up after not even reading a few paragraphs. How do they expect their life to ever change?

Three years ago I received a little book in the mail like the one you're reading that literally changed my life financially. I could have easily thrown it in the trash, but instead I laid down on the couch and read all forty some pages of it. I have made in the last 3 years more than $600,000 dollars working from my home and it all started with that little forty-page book. My friend, that's $15,000 dollars per page! Still want to delete it into your trash? (If we end up working together, ask me and I will show you that original book!)
 
Now, I am going to tell you my story from the beginning, about how I got started making serious money and then how you can too. Better than that, for some of you I will be your mentor and take you under my wing and personally work with you to help you achieve your success. It would have been worth thousands of dollars to have someone not just tell me about, but to actually teach and guide me to making that kind of money. I couldn't find such a person whereas, you have!

It all started for me back in 1977. I was 23 years old and had a "good job" as a bank manager. I was in the real world out of college and wore a suit every day and worked fifty weeks a year nine to five. 
I soon realized that I did not want this kind of existence for the rest of my life. There had to be more 
to life than this. So I started looking around for ideas on the side not really having any idea what I really wanted to do. 1 started reading some books on the mail-order business and even tried in a 
very half-hearted way to sell blank will forms through the mail. It was a total failure.

Then in November 1979, I met a man named John. He was in the mail-order business and he operated very successfully out of his home. He sold a product called "The Guardian" which was a little flash light type device that would squirt out a mace-like substance to defend against possible would be attackers. John would receive sackfuls of orders through the mail from the post office. I would go over to his house in Newport and he would have hundreds of orders spread out all over
 the floor and he would be sitting there busily packing his orders.

Here was a typical day for him; get up at 10:00 a.m., go to the gym for two hours and work out, 
have lunch and a smoothie, then off to the beach for an hour or so, stop by the post office on the way home and pick up the days orders, go home and pack orders for an hour or two, then play 
tennis or take a Jacuzzi, eat dinner, watch a little TV and finally go out bar-hopping with friends for the evening.  He was always tan, in great shape, lived in a very nice home by the beach and drove 
a Jaguar. He was making 10 to 20 times what I was making working at the bank full-time, had $40,000 in his checking account alone, lived a fun, stress-flee life and are you ready for this, John was only 23 years old!!

What I learned from this experience is that contrary to what we have all been taught, the money you make in life has nothing to do with fairness, hard work, formal education, etc. The truth is you get paid in life what you are willing to settle for. 

When I cashed my mediocre paycheck from the bank every two weeks I was in effect agreeing when I endorsed that check that my time and labor was worth only that small amount. From that point on, I decided that I would never rest until I could find a better way to make money so I would not be doomed to a job that is a lot of work for little pay as so many, many Americans are.

For the next ten years I sent away for all kinds of plans and ideas, spent literally thousands of dollars in the process trying to discover a better way. Finally, it was in the spring of 1989 that I stumbled across a very interesting book that talked again about the mail-order business that I had been interested in before. I remember I read it three times, followed what it said, placed an ad that cost $25. and I made a clear profit of $50. I was very excited by this because it proved to me I could do it. Within a few months I was making $1,000. profit per week ail the time refining and improving what I was doing.

Within a year after making my first profit I was making a steady, consistent $15,000. a month in my very own mall-order business. This was just incredible! Imagine making $15,000. a month working out of your home!!!

What was I selling? Well, I was selling something very valuable, something that was in high demand and yet was inexpensive for me to produce. I could manufacture it myself, it did not spoil, it was easily storable and the United States Post Office gives special postage breaks for this product over and above anything else.

Can you guess what I was doing? If you guessed books, you're right! I was selling books and other types of information that people wanted and were willing to pay money for. I would run various types of ads and people would call in and agree to buy the information and I would send it to them C.O.D. I sold 8,000 books this way by C.O.D.!!

Are you wondering what does all this have to do with you? Be patient, dear reader and you will soon discover how you can benefit by what I'm saying!

Anyway, although I was doing very well financially at this point, I was always looking for ways to improve what I was doing. Although the C.O.D. program worked extremely well, it was also a lot of work. I was spending 40-50 hours week on my home business and it got rather tiring.
 
Not that I really minded since I was making so much, but I still kept looking for a better way of doing things.

In October, 1990, my life changed considerably from a phone call I received from a man named Leo, I did not know him but he explained to me that he had seen one of my ads and wanted to come over to my house and discuss what he thought was a better approach to what I was doing than the one I was using. Well, I said okay and we met and discussed the idea of incorporating the use of 900 numbers and he believed very strongly that they would work well in my business. 900 numbers, for those of you who may not know, are pay-per-call phone lines where the caller is charged a fee to call the line either on a flat-rate basis such as $20.00 for the call no matter how long it lasts or so much per minute that the caller is on the line such as $3.00 per minute. The phone company and service bureau that maintain and operate the line get a percentage of the revenue generated from the line and the owner of the telephone line such as myself gets the rest.

Well, I decided to go ahead with this and give it a try. Needless to say, it worked extremely well and my workload dropped considerably from 40-50 hours a week to 15-20 hours a week for the same amount of money. Imagine this now, I was making $15,000. a month working 15-20 hours a week completely out of my home with no hassles and no stress!

Do you have trouble believing this? I don't blame you. I have trouble to this day believing it myself. Nevertheless, I know it's all true. Later in this letter I will show you copies of my bank statements detailing my income to be even beyond what I've claimed proving everything I'm saying is the absolute truth. So stay with me here because you are going to get some real surprises!

I was now living the life that my friend John had been doing that I described earlier except that I was 35 years old instead of only 23 like he was, but at least, dear reader, I did not stick my head in the sand and give up trying like so many people do. I guess things have to be that way because America needs people to perform everyday jobs in order for us to function as a society. So I realize that only a small percentage of people reading this publication will ever do anything about it because they will get tired of reading, bored, want to sleep, eat, watch the game on TV, or refuse to believe the facts laid in front of them.
 
The real tragedy I discovered why most people never get out of the "rut" is because believe it or not they put very little effort in trying to. People are busy raising children, working hard, and put very little time or faith into other directions, or if they do go into another direction they don't have enough faith because they are insecure about their abilities in that new area and at the first sign of trouble or difficulty they run for the hills and blame what they were working on as a scam instead of saying, okay that didn't work, now how can I make it work? I am saying this to you, dear reader, because I used to do the same thing. I would try something and give up so easily and then blame it rather than looking at myself. Sometimes it's hard for us to critically look at ourselves. You know when I first started to sell things through the mail, it didn't work very well initially. It took a lot of thought, a lot of work, and a lot of determination and faith that I was going to make this work. I had no advice from anyone I could trust and I had many problems and setbacks.

All the while I thought, what is the alternative? To continue working for the bank and have a whole set of other problems working on the job, but with no chance of getting really ahead financially. 
At least with what I was doing on my own I could control my own destiny instead of having it determined by the whim of a boss or the instability of a company. This way I had only myself to 
blame for my success or failure.

So here I was working 15-20 hours a week making $15,000 a month out of my home. My work mostly involved just processing my orders on my home computer. Even this work I could have easily trained someone else to do and pay them $8-10 per hour, but I didn't mind doing it myself. Whereas, at the bank I was making $1,325. monthly full-time when I quit in 1980, had 17 employees working under me, was responsible for $45 million in deposits, $15 million in loan collections, 10,000 customer accounts, new business development and implementation, knowledge and enforcement of all bank policies and procedures as well as responsibility for all branch operations!

Now, by most people's standards being a bank manager was certainly considered to be a good, decent job. Whereas, working out of your home selling things through the mail is considered kind of flaky because its non-conventional.

$1,325. monthly or $15,000. monthly, you decide!!!
 
As I said earlier, I had gotten into using 900 numbers in my mail-order business very successfully and
I was beginning to believe I had the best job in the world. It was simply incredible! As time progressed, I began teaching other select individuals who saw my incredible success and wanted to incorporate these exact methods and procedures into starting a mail-order business of their very own. I've personally helped dozens and dozens of people now to create superb incomes working all the while in the comfort of their own homes. As a result of this continuing demand I have put together a complete operation for average every day people to escape the "Rat Race" by becoming part of the $400+ billion industry known as Mail Order, the best business in the world!

My friend, having a sales background is not required, not requested and totally not necessary because this is not sales in the conventional sense. What is required is a teachable mind and a desire to learn. Ask yourself this, are you making as much money as you and your family want or need? If not, what are you doing to earn more? Is it working? Have you ever rnade $15,000. in one mouth? If net, maybe you should listen to someone who has. You know, there will always be the "Dreamstealers", the people in your life who will always tell you why it can't be done. When they do, look at their income and you'll see why they say that. 

Dear reader, the only way you can make it in this world is to take a stand and have faith, unshakable faith in something or someone and if it lets you down, before you throw stones, ask yourself, did you give it your all? If so, go on to the next opportunity and the next until you win. That's what I did and I made it. Have you ever been out on a bad date? Did you conclude afterwards that dating is a scam and never date again? Of course not! You try again and again, don't you? The alternative is a life of loneliness, or in this case a life of unfulfilled dreams. This little email-book, dear reader is your final wake-up call!!!

If you do indeed have a teachable mind and a desire to learn you can be trained over the phone or in person. There will always be more than enough training, support and complete guidance for you to follow in my footsteps in a proven mall-order operation of your very own!

If you are looking for mindless minimum wage type work, then this is not for you. Ask yourself if you have the self-confidence to believe you and your life are worth more and if changing your life and your destiny is what you want.

Now, let's talk about money. Suppose you had one million dollars in the bank. Let's assume the bank was willing to pay 5% interest on their time deposits known as "CD's". 5% interest on one million dollars is $50,000 a year which is $4,166 a month. Thus, if you were smart enough or lucky enough to accumulate one million dollars after taxes you would only be earning $4,166 a month if you locked it up in a bank. Sure, you might be able to get a higher interest rate in various types of bonds, mutual funds, stocks or other investments, but not much more and even so, your risk of losing it would rise proportionately.

So how are you ever going to stop working? A million after taxes gets you $4,166 a month and that's not taking inflation into account and ten years from now that $4,166 will seem like nothing! Social Security and company pensions may not last. Medical bills can eat up whatever savings you do have even if you are lucky enough to have insurance!

What do people do? Do you want the truth? 95% die broke after working 40 years! That is cold, hard, reality. Ask yourself, what are you doing in your life right now to prevent this from happening to you? Don't think you're too young to worry about it. If you are putting money away in savings, how long is it going to take you to save a million dollars after taxes? And what will a million be worth by that time? If you save $1,000 a month, it will take 83 years to save a million! The interest on your savings as you are accumulating this will be eaten up completely by taxes and inflation. Pretty depressing, huh?

As I started to make large amounts of money as described earlier in this book, I began to realize more and more, that merely making money is not the answer if you are looking for any real security. Why? Because no matter how much you make you have to keep working all the time or the money stops coming in and as you make more money your lifestyle changes and you live more expensively. In other words, if you make enough to sock away that million dollars I was talking about you will not be able to live on that $4166 a mouth since you'll be accustomed to a much higher lifestyle!

What's the answer to this dilemma? Well, the way I see it these are your choices: 1) You can invent something that will make you rich enough to live on the royalties or the interest income 2) You might be lucky enough to marry into wealth 3) You might get a huge inheritance 4) You might win the lottery in a big way 5) Ignore what I've said and continue to work for the rest of your life 6) Do what I do.
 
If you think you have another answer, then call me on the phone, I'd like to hear it. Otherwise, think about this and I think you'll see that I'm correct. Remember, I'm not even talking about really getting rich. I'm just trying to show you what it will take to live on $4,166 a month without working for the rest of you life. Now, #6 which is "Do what I do" is the easiest, most likely avenue to success because average people like you and me can easily do it.

You see what we really need is income. We want the million in the bank for the income it represents. A single mother on welfare with four children gets $1,139 monthly from the government in the form of a check and food stamps. It would require $273,500 in the bank after taxes at 5% interest to receive $1139 monthly in interest! Oh, you mean you don't have $273,500 or more in the bank? So you don't have the non-working income that a welfare mother has from the government? Please understand, my point here is not in any way to pick on welfare, but rather to illustrate that it takes over a quarter million dollars after taxes to create a welfare class income!!

Whether you simply want to make just an extra $500 a month or you're looking to be completely financially free, its all here for you and the truly amazing part is that very average people are succeeding at this beyond their wildest expectations.

My friend, if you don't do this, what's the alternative except to spend the rest of your life trying to hopelessly save a million to receive $4,166 a mouth! Take a minute and really think about what I just said. What really is your alternative if you decide not to do this? What are you going to do? Continue to play the lottery? Are you gong to resign yourself to a lifetime of toll and labor and die broke like 95% of all Americans! If that thought is unpleasant and it should be, then why don't you do something to change your destiny?. Every year millions of immigrants come to the shores of America seeking "The American Dream" of a free, rich, and full life, yet like most Americans that were born here, they never really find it. Let me assure you "The American Dream" is still very much alive, but you have to go after it. It doesn't fall in your lap. "Carpe diem" is an old Roman expression that means, "Seize the Day". Learn to be an eagle, soar above the crowd and be free. Be a sheep, follow the crowd, and get slaughtered. That's the choice, my friend. There are no excuses. Be open to new ideas and challenges in your life. Attack life. 'Carpe diem". Get the most you can out of it now! It's your birthright!
 
Remember the old saying, "choose a job that you love and you will never have to work a day in your life". You will have more fun and satisfaction in this job than you can imagine right now. However, there is a catch. The catch is you have to keep an open mind about what I'm saying throughout this book. The tendency people have is to close their minds and go back to exactly whatever they have been doing. The reason for this is that things that are new to them make people uncomfortable, because they are unsure of them.

Remember, to change your life, first you must change, otherwise everything will remain the same. If you continue to do things as you have always dome, then your life will remain the same. Look back over the last l0 years of your life. If you really want to get your dreams fulfilled, in the next 10 years, then you simply can't continue the same path you've been on for the last 10 years. Are you ready to try a new fork in the road? Or are you going to continue on your regular path or are you going to just sit at the crossroads end not make any decision? Or worse yet, are you going to take the new path, stub your toe on a tree root, sit down and cry and then limp back to that superhighway that most Americans are on? It's nicely paved, but leads to nowhere.

Congratulate yourself if you have read this far, because you have already shown some desire to change. In the next few days and weeks, we will both learn how sincere your desire is or are you just blowing smoke. I send lots of these email books out to find the special people who are devoted enough and mad enough to get out of the "rut" or to improve their life. Remember, the movie "Network" starring William Holden and Faye Dunaway where the old TV news broadcaster played by Peter Finch, tells his listeners, "right now, I want you to get up out of your chairs, go over to the window, stick you head out and yell, I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore"! 

My friend, if you're mad as hell and tired of taking it, than I want to talk to you personally. I want people with passion in their eyes and their hearts. Why? Because I'm telling you things are changing radically for the people working with me beyond what you can imagine right now. It can happen for you too, if you have but one quality and that is simply a sincere desire to change. If you're also mad as hell so much the better!

The only thing that is going to stop your success is you. You'll have everything provided for you in the form of the absolute best training, along with all my carefully guarded secrets and procedures gained over my years of experience that have provided me such success. You'll also have more fun than you've ever had in your life. This business is easy in the sense that the best support is provided for you. It is hard in the sense that like any business it does require you to work. You'll learn everything you need to know to become a tremendous success. All you have to do, with our guidance is put it into action! All your uncertainties and questions will be answered and you will find yourself amazed at what you're able to do that you would not have thought possible!

This is a new beginning for you. Imagine the growth you can experience in the next 6 months. Do you want to change your life my friend or are you going to hide in your bed under the sheets for the rest of your life!

"There is no security on this earth. There is only opportunity."  - Douglas Mac Arthur -

"Too many people are thinking about security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death."  - James F. Byrnes -

My friend, I sincerely hope that you are beginning to get a least a glimmer of the magnitude of this opportunity. What I need to get across to you in this book is that even though you have read this far, you still have only, at best, a small fraction in your mind of the sheer power of what is going on here.

Dear reader think about what I have said. I am an individual who has made many hundreds of thousands of dollars operating my own business working out of a bedroom office in my home. I am going to reveal to you exactly how I do it down to the very last detail. You are welcome to talk with us on the telephone as well as speak to others who I have trained in this most lucrative business. You can also attend special workshops that I conduct at various locations and receive personal one-on-one training in addition to all the other provided materials. If you are still wondering whether this is a scam, I suggest you give up now. Think. If it was would I want to meet you in person? I can assure you from the bottom of my heart that it is completely honest, ethical and you will be very proud of it once you're selected to participate.

Before we go any further, let me show you some proof of my income. Hey, wait a minute. I've got a better idea. It's now 1996 and this booklet was written mostly in 1993. Let me show you some proof of income of a man named Bob who got one of my books in the mail back in 1992. He read it and then most importantly acted on it. Now, Bob was making $4,000 a month as a construction worker when I met him and now following my methods he is making over $40,000 a month working from home! The following page of this book show excerpts from the last 12 months of his bank statements in 1995 and 1996 reflecting his income from that period doing the very business I taught him! Who else do you know has taught others how to make this kind of money and is willing to help you get your share of the American Dream?

Since the proof is before your eyes that serious money can be made doing this incredible business, then it becomes a very simple conclusion on your part that you should grab this opportunity with all your body and soul fight now! No, not tomorrow, not next week, right NOW!!!

My friend, these days so many people in America are struggling and feel lost or feel that the "American dream" has let them down. It's like being lost at sea on a small fait hundreds of miles from shore with just enough fresh water and food to barely survive except that now with the opportunity I've presented to you today there is a strong, steady wind blowing. Are you going to raise your sail by calling the phone number at the end of this book? Many people will. Sadly, many people will not out of fear, self-doubt and insecurity. My friend, I've already raised my "sail" and I've helped many others to do the same. Come with us. The decision lies with you. Make the right one.

I wish you all a bright future and the best of luck in all your endeavors! Now turn the page, my friend, and see that dreams in the greatest county in the world can still come true>>>>>>>>>

P. S. "Sleep no more" - Shakespeare

 
THIS STATEMENT COVERS: 12/30/95 THROUGH 1/31/96

BASIC BUSINESS SUMMARY
CHECKING
BRANCH PLAN	PREVIOUS BALANCE	 4,354.44
0855-012904	DEPOSITS	               39,377.86

THIS STATEMENT COVERS 2/1/96 THROUGH 2/29/96

BASIC BUSINESS SUMMARY
CHECKING
BRANCH PLAN	PREVIOUS BALANCE          12,819.66
0853-012904	DEPOSITS	              95,857.38

THIS STATEMENT	COVERS, 3/1/96 THROUGH 3/29/96

BASIC BUSINESS SUMMARY
CHECKING
BRANCH PLAN	PREVIOUS BALANCE	17,359.30
0855-0LZ904	DEPOSITS	                31,955.35

THIS STATEMENT	 COVERS 3/30/96 THROUGH 4/30/96

BASIC BUSINESS SUMMARY
CHECKING
BRANCH PLAN	PREVIOUS BALANCE	9,446.95
UE53-OZ2904	DEPOSITS	              41,012.77

THIS STATEMENT	 COVERS 5/1/96 THROUGH 5/31/96

BASIC BUSINESS SUMMARY
CHECKING
BRANCH PLAN	PREVIOUS BALANCE	10,410.57
0853-012904	DEPOSITS	                42,216.90


Well, it seems unreal doesn't it. I mean you just can't make $40,000 a month working from home. It goes against everything we've been taught in school. You're supposed to get a job out of college and work 40 hours a week for 40 years so you can retire broke like 95% of all Americans. It's too good to be true. It has got to be a scam. There has to be a catch. It must be a lie. This could never happen to me. I'm not good enough, not smart enough, not the right race, not the right sex, not the right age, etc.  

My friend, I've heard them all. All the pitiful excuses in the world will not change this simple fact:

These bank statements are real and all this money end a lot more was made working from Bob's home!

If you thought you had all the answers you would not have read this booklet. My friend, only if you're teachable, ready to learn and willing to put trust and faith into a new direction for a new beginning, then call the telephone number listed here and follow the directions given.
   
                                                                      (301) 210-2572
                                                                        (24 HOURS)


